
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119931214944                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685229646771                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 317331                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1998489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60010.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 19043353677                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23918791740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2894208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4347520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2959744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4785664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2873600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2990080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2910336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1677824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4319360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4793216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1581184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4775296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2938368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2843136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4751616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1669760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             53190144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15380736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15380736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        22611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        23123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        37388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        22450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        22737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        13108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        37447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        37307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        22956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        22212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        37122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        13045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                415548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        36287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24132233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36250112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24678679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39903406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        37355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23960401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24931624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24266710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13989886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36015311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39966376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13184091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39816957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24500444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23706389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39619510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13922647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               443505421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        36287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        37355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             660645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         128246312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              128246312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         128246312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        36287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24132233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36250112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24678679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        43758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39903406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        37355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23960401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24931624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24266710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13989886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36015311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39966376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        43758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13184091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39816957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24500444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23706389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39619510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        43758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13922647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              571751733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21812738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14461133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14212314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230372207                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123942626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21812738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15522711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27622349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5722577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3504667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13941593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707382                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265472661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237850312     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204563      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134638      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4159252      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1334372      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3840624      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608055      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         989425      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10351420      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265472661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430948                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      227981678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5947918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27567775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3953047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138659929                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38351                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3953047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228251931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3517900                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1588023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27310042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       851714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138458459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       663803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181479290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627591003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627591003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34444960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9403                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1930934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24957696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4065463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137746107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128944266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24975515                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51153367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265472661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208957407     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17797833      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18891706      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10973592      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677552      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421256      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680656      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39451      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33208      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265472661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215562     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88278     23.42%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73115     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101121817     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012889      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22768642     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031728      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128944266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448338                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376955                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523820597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162740618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125660813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129321221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5119631                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2491466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137764856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24957696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9398                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46213                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2583                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671992                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1843860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127312725                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22446313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26477856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19341774                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031543                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125689450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125660813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76026337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165701070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.436922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25154627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728530                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261519614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219563675     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498880      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568685      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352503      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530743      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080718      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686034      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627549      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610827      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261519614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610827                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395679021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279497443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5131248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22132172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.876048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.876048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347699                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347699                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591733296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163748392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147221077                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23257243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19016442                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2270437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9786347                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9195759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101270                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225941958                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            131913760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23257243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11591784                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27655611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6562246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4005525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13888888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2288445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    261845205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      234189594     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1494503      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2369562      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3767317      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1571160      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1764924      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1855610      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1223349      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13609186      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    261845205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080865                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.458663                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      223874629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6089117                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27569481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        70372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4241604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3816713                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    161118780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3198                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4241604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      224201893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1971143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3144581                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27318945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       967037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161033283                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        30503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       278102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       361751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        46388                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    223574308                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    749089274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    749089274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    191208501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32365797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        40900                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2911975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15355670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8251917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249635                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872706                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        160827712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41011                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152361406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187545                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20177908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44669604                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3731                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261845205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197592212     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25787365      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14111575      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9611213      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8986386      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2592547      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2009537      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683209      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       471161      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261845205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35540     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109871     38.70%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138471     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127638822     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405079      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18484      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14086220      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212801      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152361406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.529760                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567039444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181048287                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149924551                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    152645288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2737138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          372                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230762                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9537                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4241604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1309604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137754                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160868871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15355670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8251917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1290352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2620636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150204066                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13251514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2157340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21462256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21139275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8210742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            149925744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           149924551                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        87656539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       228963136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112311421                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    137663162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23205973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2318539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257603601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201716307     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27065172     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10538006      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677819      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4253323      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371881      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462386      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308148      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210559      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257603601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112311421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    137663162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20639687                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12618532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19760543                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124044736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2796275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3210559                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          415261423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         325980115                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3642805                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              25759628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112311421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           137663162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112311421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.560780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.560780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      677375221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     207832276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150273798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23370249                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19163501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2286614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9642471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9132681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2399087                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222976361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132834689                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23370249                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11531768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29216286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6494695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7404216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13734183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2268846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    263769641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      234553355     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3167144      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3662842      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2013958      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2318245      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1273353      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         871187      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2265581      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13643976      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    263769641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      221170099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9244502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28974496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       229030                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4151510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3795167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        21268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    162153636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts       104743                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4151510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      221521177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3337067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4920763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28866886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       972234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    162054734                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       250884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       453409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    225224518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    754553561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    754553561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    192341116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       32883362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23495                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2593908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15455715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8429112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1867906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        161818173                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42311                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152928700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20218883                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46733428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4534                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263769641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199340723     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25911550      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13918127      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9642813      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8426695      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4312868      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1041258      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671067      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504540      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263769641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40581     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       140545     42.61%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148696     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128008990     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2392590      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18731      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14138952      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8369437      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152928700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329822                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570169895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182080794                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150395098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    153258522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2712325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          944                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9371                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4151510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2773145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       168545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161860615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15455715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8429112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23441                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1282028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2608084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150678123                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13275466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2250576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21642914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21084491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8367448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            150397430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           150395098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89379017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       234122678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112947285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    138572291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23289755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37777                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2299725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259618131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203016543     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26245935     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10998870      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6611240      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4575864      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2956801      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1530551      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234487      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2447840      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259618131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    112947285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    138572291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20987492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12743390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19833283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       124927186                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2819250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2447840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          419031583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         327875715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3412744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              23835192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         112947285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           138572291                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    112947285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.546363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.546363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392717                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392717                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      679693756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208735392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151335539                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        37742                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22337888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20157183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169523                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8436310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7990837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51831                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236915030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            140546965                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22337888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9227192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27796729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3668445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5838165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13597118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    273019601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      245222872     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         992910      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2028412      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         857385      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4621862      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        4111188      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         798745      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1664201      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12722026      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    273019601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      235582153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7185256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27695246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        87725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2469216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1960094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    164807429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2469216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      235821385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       5225970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27560609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       732071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    164722494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       312121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       265988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4404                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    193378314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    775892733                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    775892733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171678799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       21699509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        19114                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9640                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1849433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     38878271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     19671498                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       954817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        164402135                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       158134182                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12574077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30089526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273019601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216852852     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16802254      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13805403      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5968371      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7568246      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7329722      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4159673      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328263      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204817      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273019601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400530     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120503     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90285      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99184423     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381320      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9472      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37929689     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19629278     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    158134182                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592979898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176999427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156789272                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    161745500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1479079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          656                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4048                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14005                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2469216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4809317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208800                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164421399                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38878271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19671498                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9642                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4048                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       683148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1372545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157030344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37801713                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           57429396                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20573530                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         19627683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545993                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            156794097                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           156789272                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        84670787                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       166774683                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127431432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    149754060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14683031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1195373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270550385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216268108     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19793271      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9288301      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9191996      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499203      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695257      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798476      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581938      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1433835      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270550385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    127431432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    149754060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             56954261                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            37399188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19775250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       133167913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1450512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1433835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          433553251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         331343671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               5194550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              14585232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         127431432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           149754060                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    127431432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.256938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.256938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      776360608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     182058352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     196292968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287604832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21814260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14480049                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230431250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            123952004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21814260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     15524294                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27625980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5724150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3493307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           31                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          112                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13944511                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    265525095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      237899115     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        4205642      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2133788      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        4159640      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1334952      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3842370      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         608361      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         987948      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10353279      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    265525095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      228035922                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5941367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27571623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        22143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3954036                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2064931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        20380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    138678584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        38390                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3954036                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      228306541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3514786                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1584287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27313305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       852136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    138476665                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       106416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       664773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    181502983                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    627678751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    627678751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    147055771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34447212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        18601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1930751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     24958224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      4067261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25958                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       927147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        137767082                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18664                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       128962761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24978963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51155504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265525095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208996961     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17805583      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18895048      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10975345      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678681      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420740      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679887      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39499      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33351      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265525095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215298     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88237     23.44%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72930     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101139980     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013184      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22767439     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032966      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    128962761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523909416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162765050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125679868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    129339226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5117422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100716                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954036                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2485457                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104872                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137785875                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24958224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2548                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1844380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127330854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22446669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           26479421                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19344254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          4032752                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.442728                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            125708409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           125679868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76037944                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       165730273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.436988                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100014380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    112632253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25159368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1729082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261571059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219609907     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16501212      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569072      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353096      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531392      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080914      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686259      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627739      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611468      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261571059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100014380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    112632253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             23807347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            19840802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17270392                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        98450429                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1412330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3611468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          395750835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         279540433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               5131328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              22079737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100014380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           112632253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100014380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.875635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.875635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.347749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.347749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      591816106                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163773920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     147232704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23361563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19157096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2286564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9630830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9130334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396701                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102169                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222926787                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            132783384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23361563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11527035                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            29209227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6494186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7509491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13732206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2269451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    263817691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      234608464     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3163837      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3667093      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2013256      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2320315      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1272247      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         868395      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        2263186      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13640898      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    263817691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461687                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      221122819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9347778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        28967415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       228767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4150908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3793012                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        21278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    162099764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts       105024                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4150908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      221473212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3233478                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      5132755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        28860404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       966930                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    162000964                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       247240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       452151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    225144351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    754316013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    754316013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    192280107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       32864244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        42316                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23572                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2589578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     15454735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8425193                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1870167                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        161760422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       152869846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       210631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20210422                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46735956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4618                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263817691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199412311     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25899195      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13916479      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9640041      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8425642      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4309316      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1038722      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671790      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504195      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263817691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40118     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141533     42.85%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148624     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127962597     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2391904      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18725      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14130719      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8365901      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    152869846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531527                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570098289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182014671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150337088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    153200121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2715361                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          944                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1446                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       183680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9365                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4150908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2675295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       165037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161802937                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15454735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8425193                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23524                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117310                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1446                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1325641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1283010                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2608651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150620033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13270806                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2249813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21634486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       21076915                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8363680                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            150339380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           150337088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        89351480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       234060984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522721                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112911544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    138528446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23275804                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37766                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2299791                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259666783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203083617     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26237079     10.10%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10994582      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6608278      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4576235      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2955400      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531381      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234545      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2445666      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259666783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    112911544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    138528446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20980887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12739374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19827015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       124887652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2818359                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2445666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          419024613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         327759494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3412959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              23787142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         112911544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           138528446                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    112911544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.547169                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.547169                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      679430200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     208651403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     151276744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        37732                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23364560                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19162618                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2288607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9645528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9133039                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397518                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102846                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223051586                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132792437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23364560                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11530557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29216345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6494741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7449237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13738676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2270895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    263887865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234671520     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3167152      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3675703      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2014149      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2313469      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1274555      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         869349      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2258081      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13643887      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    263887865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461718                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221244362                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9290499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28972094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       231462                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4149444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3790275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    162102559                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       104944                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4149444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221597851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3275628                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      5023626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28864542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       976770                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    162003457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       250162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       455079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    225179875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    754317644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    754317644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    192376265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32803598                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        42424                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23653                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2605489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15454490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8422035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221951                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1865400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        161768526                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152912119                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       209177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20146798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46542718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4725                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263887865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199454958     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25922082      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13919676      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9640869      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8424814      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4305365      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043885      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671041      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       505175      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263887865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40365     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       140398     42.70%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148007     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128003768     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2392592      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18734      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14133078      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8363947      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152912119                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531674                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            328770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570250050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181959280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150381459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    153240889                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2708807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          904                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       176470                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9365                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4149444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2715663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166065                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161811168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15454490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8422035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23634                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1328988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2610897                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150660160                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13273085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2251959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21635130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21083796                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8362045                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523844                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            150383832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           150381459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        89381271                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       234098883                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112967808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    138597554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23214901                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37781                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2301867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259738421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203125080     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26253343     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10998044      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6612598      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4577520      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2958582      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531937      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234819      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2446498      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259738421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112967808                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    138597554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20991248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12745683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19836928                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124949932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2819768                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2446498                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          419103624                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         327774441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3413660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              23716968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112967808                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           138597554                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112967808                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.545901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.545901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      679632653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     208725929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     151289331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37746                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       26014243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21659768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2367834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10151957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9533214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798357                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226497649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            142774066                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          26014243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12331571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            29759543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6574480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7962818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        14064591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2263514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    268405204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      238645661     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1827523      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2301298      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3667494      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1530616      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1975020      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2307778      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1055335      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       15094479      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    268405204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090451                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496424                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      225168001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9420036                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        29617235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        15431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4184496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3958733                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          698                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    174479440                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4184496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      225396810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        730769                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      8051042                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        29404047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       638030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    173408189                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        92274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       444931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    242188294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    806395028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    806395028                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    202823621                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       39364670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        42530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22436                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2245383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     16225174                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8493237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1982307                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        169317044                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42681                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       162516561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162827                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20411310                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41415053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2152                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268405204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199519767     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31402908     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12902069      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7185394      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9724841      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3002783      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2955276      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588930      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123236      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268405204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1120198     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150153     10.61%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144264     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136898633     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225959      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20093      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14906294      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8465582      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    162516561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565069                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1414616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595015769                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189771922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158294746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    163931177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122132                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3026863                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          892                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4184496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        555686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169359733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16225174                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8493237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22437                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          892                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1321823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2727768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159689339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14662306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2827222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           23127212                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22580019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8464906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555239                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            158295166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           158294746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        94846977                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       254690827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372400                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118024374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    145430457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23929994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40529                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2387921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264220708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202681953     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31180577     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11320990      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5648025      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5155846      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2170976      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145137      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022893      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894311      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264220708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    118024374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    145430457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21579316                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            13198310                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             20218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         21073870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       130935194                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      3000729                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2894311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          430686029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         342905438                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3434359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19199629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         118024374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           145430457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    118024374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.436826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.436826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410370                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410370                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      718600651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     221156903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     161427372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        40496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23273345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19030464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2270286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9859511                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9207408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396572                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225984835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            131978256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23273345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11603980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27676608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6563355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3995943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13891224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2288218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    261900703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      234224095     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1503356      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2374570      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3763828      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1574167      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1769115      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1857664      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1217644      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13616264      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    261900703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080921                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.458887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      223923905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6073126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27590332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        70530                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4242808                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3818508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    161188480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3217                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4242808                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      224254362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1971352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3134394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27336731                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       961054                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    161095945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        30224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       278452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       358242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47672                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    223651479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    749401209                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    749401209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    191262959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       32388520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41088                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2890275                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15362624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8253661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1870904                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        160872570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41198                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       152391370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20202841                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44731470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3903                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261900703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197626173     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25802060      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14115599      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9614210      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8984758      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2596656      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2006198      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684410      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470639      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261900703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35482     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109764     38.69%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138437     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127663734     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405823      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18489      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14088573      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8214751      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    152391370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529864                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567154183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181118253                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149957331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    152675053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2740515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          427                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1674                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230229                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9500                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4242808                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1310226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137477                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160913917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15362624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8253661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1674                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1290325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2619730                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150238396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13254575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2152974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21467417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       21145066                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8212842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            149958420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           149957331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        87684332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       229037219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112343472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    137702360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23211834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37295                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2318451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257657895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201755377     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27073127     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10538614      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5679358      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4257503      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372500      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1460332      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1309245      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211839      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257657895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    112343472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    137702360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20645541                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12622109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             18606                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19766146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       124080060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2797063                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3211839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          415359496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         326071424                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3643669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              25704130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         112343472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           137702360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    112343472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.560049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.560049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390617                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390617                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      677534912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     207878963                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     150341033                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        37262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22339865                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20157061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8398106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7991898                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51856                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236879449                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            140550489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22339865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9228265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27797135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3670244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5855784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13595344                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    273004089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      245206954     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         993785      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2027466      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         856826      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4623264      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        4109787      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         798946      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1664544      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12722517      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    273004089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      235546533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7202897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27696176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        87216                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2471262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1962163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    164811116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2462                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2471262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      235785433                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       5237934                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1216244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27561125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       732086                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    164727185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       312136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       266173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4416                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    193374530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    775907286                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    775907286                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171663653                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       21710871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        19127                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9655                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1847879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     38879755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     19671547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       953882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        164410020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       158133973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12587288                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30136557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273004089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216838497     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16799564      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13807834      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5966378      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7569233      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7330585      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4159162      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327910      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204926      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273004089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400324     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120628     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90227      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99186225     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381051      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9470      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37928735     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19628492     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    158133973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592965828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177020527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156787194                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    161745152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1482595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          637                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4043                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117618                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14004                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2471262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4819363                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       209086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164429291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38879755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19671547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9657                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142857                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           91                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4043                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1371553                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157029342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37799736                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           57426657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20573226                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         19626921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.545990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            156791962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           156787194                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        84669267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       166774201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545148                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127421470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    149742154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14703336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19090                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1195137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270532827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216254410     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19792908      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9287622      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9191923      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2497448      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10693410      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798732      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581993      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434381      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270532827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    127421470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    149742154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             56951081                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            37397157                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9530                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19773640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       133157244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1450342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1434381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          433543546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         331362525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5193395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              14600744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         127421470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           149742154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    127421470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.257114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.257114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      776344982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     182053404                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     196292775                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        19060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       26038702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21682947                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2368135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10010952                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9538899                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226679904                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            142895395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          26038702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12336943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            29782060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6577806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7901053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        14074601                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2263592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    268551117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      238769057     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1827664      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2309038      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3666708      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1530417      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1974333      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2309005      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1051570      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       15113325      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    268551117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      225346476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9363234                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        29638648                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        15461                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4187293                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3960112                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          807                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    174613681                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4187293                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      225576699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        733976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      7987076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        29424005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       642058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    173537040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        92662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       447849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    242378374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    806985452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    806985452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    203001308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       39377047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        42125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22013                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2254876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     16228423                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8503608                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100559                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981555                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        169438153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       162644928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20405037                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41356901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1713                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268551117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199609517     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31426884     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12913014      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7196566      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9732552      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3002253      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2955572      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1590659      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124100      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268551117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1120668     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149534     10.57%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144425     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    137007562     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2228443      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20111      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14912848      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8475964      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    162644928                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1414628                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595415951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189886362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158422873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    164059556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3018559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          900                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           80                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4187293                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        557387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169480434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16228423                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8503608                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22014                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          900                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1326477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2731847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159817796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14674687                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2827131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23149715                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       22597326                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8475028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555685                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            158423471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           158422873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        94930508                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       254861027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550835                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372480                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118127807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    145557897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23923173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40564                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2388200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264363824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202772676     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31208554     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11327387      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5654735      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5158571      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2173412      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2147502      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023888      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2897099      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264363824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    118127807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    145557897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21598214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            13209864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             20236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         21092340                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       131049942                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      3003363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2897099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          430946976                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         343149474                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3434956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19053716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         118127807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           145557897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    118127807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.434692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.434692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      719187848                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     221343665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     161568403                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        40530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22321282                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20139763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1173902                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8956097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8003938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236910                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236951599                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            140417265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22321282                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9240848                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27782627                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3667346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5824760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13602618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1180342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    273022800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      245240173     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         994994      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2031612      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         855070      0.31%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4619803      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        4113477      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         806784      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1660095      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12700792      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    273022800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      235619730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7170874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27681411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        87424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2463356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1960399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    164661886                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2439                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2463356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      235857538                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       5205878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1215139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27547191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       733693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    164576353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       312139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       264806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8376                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    193212575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    775211188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    775211188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171575263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       21637267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        19125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9657                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1845423                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     38862338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     19662612                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       953988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        164261434                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       158068409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12488621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29704740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273022800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216842367     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16830898      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13816823      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5963800      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7558003      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7321520      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4157124      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328011      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204254      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273022800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399829     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3118298     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90196      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99148765     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1378775      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9466      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37912636     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19618767     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    158068409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549603                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3608323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592849908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176773305                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156721481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    161676732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       286992                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1486485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          667                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4077                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14000                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2463356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4785161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164280736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38862338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19662612                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9659                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141570                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          130                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4077                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       689270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       686474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1375744                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156962351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37784331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1106058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           57401170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20565113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         19616839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.545757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            156726276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           156721481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84641585                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       166700442                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.544919                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127353719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    149662928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14633991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19082                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1200111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270559444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216301335     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19787775      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9288860      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9182809      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499170      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10688049      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798894      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581699      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1430853      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270559444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    127353719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    149662928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             56918745                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            37375851                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19763285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       133086881                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1449665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1430853                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          433425120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         331057481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               5198170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              14582033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         127353719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           149662928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    127353719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.258315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.258315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.442808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.442808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      776045642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     181989148                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     196135976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        19052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23362289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19163567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2289671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9631550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9132405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2395323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102197                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222992711                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            132769839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23362289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11527728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            29211578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6497423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7501632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13736197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    263878323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      234666745     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3166827      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3676706      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2012955      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2314697      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1273912      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         868343      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2256286      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13641852      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    263878323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      221184613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9344106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        28967160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4151112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3787234                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        21291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    162065345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts       105000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4151112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      221539728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3338321                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      5013804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        28857968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       977386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    161961676                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       250665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       456081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    225123668                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    754114785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    754114785                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    192285211                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       32838452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        42235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23499                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2615001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15449241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8420974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221882                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1865254                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        161718021                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       152840137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       209076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20166259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46641425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4564                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263878323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199466600     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25917828      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13915058      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9640907      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8419399      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4299742      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043285      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670576      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504928      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263878323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40389     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       139826     42.55%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148365     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127942753     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2390565      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18725      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14128460      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8359634      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    152840137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531424                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            328580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570096253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181928071                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150309855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    153168717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2709552                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          903                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1463                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       179270                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9366                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4151112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2774699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       167861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161760483                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15449241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8420974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23465                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118858                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1463                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2612232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150589467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13270560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2250670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21627651                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21074227                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8357091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            150312314                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           150309855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        89339683                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       233977188                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112914483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    138532067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23229904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37765                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2302772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259727211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203135096     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26244269     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10996092      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6610319      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4575449      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2956230      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531228      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1233881      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2444647      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259727211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112914483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    138532067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20981391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12739687                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19827538                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       124890902                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2818430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2444647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          419043781                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         327675141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3413469                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              23726510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112914483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           138532067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112914483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.547103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.547103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      679314466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     208634194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     151259792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        37730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287604828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23364930                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19155486                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2290138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9599123                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9121599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397603                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223164691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132880790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23364930                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11519202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29226918                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6506159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7531981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13750239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2274084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    264103907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      234876989     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3170218      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3664630      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2013234      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2314959      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1271949      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         866456      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2267497      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13657975      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    264103907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081240                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      221342612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9387857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        28983679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       230767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4158988                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3797592                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        21330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    162236052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts       106245                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4158988                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      221695002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3050169                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      5347397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28876514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       975833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    162139370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       247707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       456942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    225347953                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    754992184                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    754992184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    192412385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       32935568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        42442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23679                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2607648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15470843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8434808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221682                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1868998                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        161900560                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42517                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       153008110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       210699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20242830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46776459                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4728                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264103907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199647505     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25916408      9.81%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13924459      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9649744      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8434970      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4311459      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043755      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671009      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504598      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264103907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38788     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143676     43.42%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148467     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128080799     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2395240      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18738      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14137440      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8375893      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    153008110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532008                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570661757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182187377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150467638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    153339041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386830                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2722765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          906                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1473                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9370                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4158988                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2502014                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       159923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161943212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15470843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8434808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23643                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111468                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1473                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1287407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2613676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150746977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13274660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2261133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21648558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21093282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8373898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524146                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            150469514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           150467638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        89425797                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       234282107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381701                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112989043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    138623578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23320907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37789                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2303568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259944919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203327735     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26252859     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11003213      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6608156      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4577752      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2955331      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1536194      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234434      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2449245      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259944919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    112989043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    138623578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20995192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12748078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18854                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19840656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       124973399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2820297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2449245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          419439405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         328048040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3419905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              23500921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         112989043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           138623578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    112989043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.545422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.545422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392862                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392862                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      679988815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     208835677                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     151389468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        37754                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22350816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20167104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1170094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8441508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7996120                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237086                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51849                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236989088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            140613096                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22350816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9233206                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27809275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3671381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5864232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13601976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1176279                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    273134655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      245325380     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         993562      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2032074      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         854000      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4624507      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        4112573      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         798099      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1665085      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12729375      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    273134655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.488911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      235650810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7216711                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27707909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        87613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2471607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1963060                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          453                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    164884065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2440                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2471607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      235890980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       5250710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1214261                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27572061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       735031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    164798728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       313237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       266784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4509                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    193466284                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    776237948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    776237948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171754205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       21712052                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        19136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9659                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1855749                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     38895187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     19680247                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179481                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       954834                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        164480263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       158209076                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81928                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12577443                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30105719                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273134655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216943053     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16807078      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13814746      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5968415      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7572595      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7334008      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4161574      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328091      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205095      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273134655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400385     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3121919     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90233      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99233616     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381883      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9476      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37946324     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19637777     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    158209076                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.550092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3612537                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593247270                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177080934                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156861970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    161821613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1480003                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          652                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4039                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14013                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2471607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       4832889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164499559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38895187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19680247                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           76                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4039                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690433                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1372998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157104226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37818691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           57454934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20584600                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         19636243                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546250                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            156866832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           156861970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        84708268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       166841137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507718                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127486949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    149819409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14695962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19102                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1195940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270663048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216356208     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19804449      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9290858      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9197342      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499072      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10698604      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799042      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582126      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435347      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270663048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    127486949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    149819409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             56978628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            37415184                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9536                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19783921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       133226027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1451164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1435347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          433742682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         331502621                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5195978                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              14470178                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         127486949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           149819409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    127486949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.255955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.255955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      776714064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     182145025                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     196382836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        19072                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287604833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       26017727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21663286                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2366754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10026902                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9535279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110224                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226531890                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            142774873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          26017727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12333252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            29757532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6574499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7855353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        14066061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262447                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    268330993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      238573461     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1825746      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2304438      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3662336      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1531274      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1976001      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2307332      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1053361      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       15097044      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    268330993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496427                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      225197991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9317521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        29614724                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        15342                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4185410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3959095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          808                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    174476582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3478                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4185410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      225427965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        735634                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7939985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        29400455                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       641534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    173403505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        92449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       447265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    242170095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    806381112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    806381112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    202829740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       39340350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        42086                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21990                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2250933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     16218014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8499396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100706                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        169318856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42238                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       162531238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158719                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20398533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41344043                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1706                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268330993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199438784     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31403298     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12901197      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7194374      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9726747      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3001848      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2950807      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1590150      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123788      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268330993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1118009     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149372     10.58%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144281     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136909625     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226196      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20094      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14903497      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8471826      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    162531238                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565120                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1411663                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594963851                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189760521                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158307999                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    163942901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3019313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          901                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118134                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           24                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4185410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        559178                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70370                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169361097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16218014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8499396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          901                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1325281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2730551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159703383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14664200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2827855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23135359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       22579753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8471159                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555288                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            158308452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           158307999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        94856097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       254695947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118027987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    145434849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23926952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2386806                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264145583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202605566     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31182367     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11317971      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5650347      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5155333      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171638      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145469      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021973      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894919      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264145583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    118027987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    145434849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21579960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            13198698                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             20220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         21074480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       130939178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      3000821                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2894919                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          430611646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         342909055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3432631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19273840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         118027987                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           145434849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    118027987                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.436751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.436751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      718670243                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     221171181                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     161435559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        40498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         415685                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.447376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2521944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         448450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.623690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           197.886521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.837982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1489.341028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.230372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2025.263757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.168202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1631.229722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.359350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2407.471749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.279119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1499.084637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.048354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1589.370037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.124814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1635.571173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.189105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   935.908161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.420461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2050.355912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.569887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2442.407663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.481911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   914.449339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.425465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2443.266609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.312413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1612.393952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.984508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1599.853388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.939124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2450.943443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.428403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   961.887237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           273.301757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           326.249054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           298.962709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           352.047594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           270.852434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           303.711980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           301.751007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           239.077552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           328.114648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           319.049691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           298.623803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           327.848099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           312.467802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           334.199167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           321.273100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           232.433181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.045451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.061806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.049781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.073470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.045748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.048504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.049914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.028562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.062572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.074536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.027907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.074563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.048824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.074797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.007296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.007093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        47927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        55198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  683333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           234323                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                234323                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        55283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   685711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        55283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  685711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        22955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        22210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                415435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        22956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        22212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 415548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37447                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        22956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        22212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                415548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5464090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3750125442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5976248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5682703740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5999267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3886378970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6291151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6182123823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5470317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3719307668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6531571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3926009397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6201977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3812256200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6510146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2200032497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6530320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5644741983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6479326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6207389439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6874955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2068051936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6505618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6193146388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6397496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3852593565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6468325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3734848053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6083314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6161392453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6562539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2185927061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69307375275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       489395                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       155547                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1814720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1551110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       285055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2799777                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2347241                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3019083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       820334                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       143040                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       400443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1818861                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2848113                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18492719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5464090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3750614837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5976248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5682703740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5999267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3886534517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6291151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6183938543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5470317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3720858778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6531571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3926009397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6201977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3812541255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6510146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2202832274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6530320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5644741983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6479326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6209736680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6874955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2071071019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6505618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6193966722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6397496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3852736605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6468325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3735248496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6083314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6163211314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6562539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2188775174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      69325867994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5464090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3750614837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5976248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5682703740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5999267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3886534517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6291151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6183938543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5470317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3720858778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6531571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3926009397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6201977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3812541255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6510146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2202832274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6530320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5644741983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6479326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6209736680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6874955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2071071019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6505618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6193966722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6397496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3852736605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6468325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3735248496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6083314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6163211314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6562539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2188775174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     69325867994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        41437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1098768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       234323                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            234323                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2491                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        41696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1101259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        41696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1101259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.404045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.316988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.401115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.314381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.378092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.035714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.122222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.108434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.068441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.068441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.069498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.045363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.413985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.377339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.413985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.377339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160708.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165876.036890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157269.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167310.576770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153827.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168081.436294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153442.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165399.144474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156294.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165737.162693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167476.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168065.470762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163209.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167682.260831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162753.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 168069.709473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167444.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167276.395999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158032.341463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165831.092087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167681.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167657.230320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166810.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166027.193931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164038.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167832.435853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170219.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168160.650743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164413.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166021.568576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160061.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167799.728333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166830.852660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163131.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       155547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164974.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 172345.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 142527.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 155543.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 156482.733333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167726.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164066.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       143040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 200221.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 181886.100000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 158228.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163652.380531                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160708.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165875.672770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157269.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167310.576770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153827.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168080.894218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153442.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165399.019552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156294.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165739.811938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167476.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168065.470762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163209.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167680.048159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162753.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 168052.507934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167444.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167276.395999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158032.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165827.347451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167681.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167657.331741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166810.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166026.931193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164038.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167831.355855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170219.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168163.537547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164413.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166025.842196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160061.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167786.521579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166829.988338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160708.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165875.672770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157269.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167310.576770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153827.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168080.894218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153442.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165399.019552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156294.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165739.811938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167476.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168065.470762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163209.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167680.048159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162753.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 168052.507934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167444.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167276.395999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158032.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165827.347451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167681.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167657.331741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166810.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166026.931193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164038.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167831.355855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170219.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168163.537547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164413.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166025.842196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160061.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167786.521579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166829.988338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               120162                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    120162                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        22955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        22210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           415435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        22956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        22212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            415548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        23360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        22956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        22212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           415548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3489611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2433330821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3763125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3705111782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3731746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2539963234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3905069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4006694664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3434328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2412248007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4263672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2565704109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3995530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2488347553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4183978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1437923706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4263922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3679945540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4094007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4028869777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4494564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1349938090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4237295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4022217696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4132405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2515889227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4256192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2441473831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3931813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4001493860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4179023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1427417230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45120925407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       314124                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        97202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1174377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1027417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       168678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1751250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1473809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1969736                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       529787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        84615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       284358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1235366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1801460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11912179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3489611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2433644945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3763125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3705111782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3731746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2540060436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3905069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4007869041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3434328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2413275424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4263672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2565704109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3995530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2488516231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4183978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1439674956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4263922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3679945540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4094007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4030343586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4494564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1351907826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4237295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4022747483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4132405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2515973842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4256192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2441758189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3931813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4002729226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4179023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1429218690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45132837586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3489611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2433644945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3763125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3705111782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3731746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2540060436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3905069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4007869041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3434328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2413275424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4263672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2565704109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3995530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2488516231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4183978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1439674956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4263922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3679945540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4094007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4030343586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4494564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1351907826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4237295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4022747483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4132405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2515973842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4256192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2441758189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3931813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4002729226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4179023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1429218690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45132837586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.404045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.316988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.401115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.314381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.035714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.122222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.108434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.068441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.068441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.069498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.413985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.377339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.413985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102635.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107631.405741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99029.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109086.170528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95685.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109850.498832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95245.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107196.796533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98123.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107492.892786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 109324.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109833.223844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105145.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109450.079305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104599.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109849.022613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109331.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109051.579197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99853.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107631.699535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 109623.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109439.650588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108648.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107828.472897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105959.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109600.924722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 112005.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109926.782125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106265.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107822.102285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101927.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109573.749136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108611.275908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       104708                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        97202                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106761.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114157.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        84339                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97291.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98253.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109429.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105957.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        84615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       142179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123536.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100081.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105417.513274                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102635.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107631.017867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99029.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109086.170528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95685.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109849.951823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95245.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107196.668477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98123.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107495.564543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 109324.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109833.223844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105145.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109447.870475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104599.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109831.778761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109331.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109051.579197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99853.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107627.943120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 109623.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109439.636202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108648.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107828.222130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105959.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109599.836296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 112005.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109929.686161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106265.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107826.335488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101927.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109560.650824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108610.407428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102635.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107631.017867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99029.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109086.170528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95685.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109849.951823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95245.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107196.668477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98123.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107495.564543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 109324.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109833.223844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105145.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109447.870475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104599.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109831.778761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109331.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109051.579197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99853.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107627.943120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 109623.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109439.636202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108648.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107828.222130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105959.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109599.836296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 112005.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109929.686161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106265.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107826.335488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101927.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109560.650824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108610.407428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.804147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013973820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1804223.879004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.787194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.016953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13941551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13941551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13941551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13941551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13941551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13941551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6854498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6854498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6854498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6854498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6854498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6854498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13941593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13941593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13941593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13941593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13941593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13941593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163202.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163202.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163202.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163202.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163202.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163202.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5922774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5922774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5922774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5922774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5922774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5922774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169222.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169222.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169222.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243205212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3877.572296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.823727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.176273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.780561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.219439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20495808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20495808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24442621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24442621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24442621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24442621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       217265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       217265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25233516758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25233516758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38890155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38890155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25272406913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25272406913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25272406913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25272406913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20712663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20712663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24659886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24659886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116361.240267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116361.240267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94854.036585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94854.036585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116320.654100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116320.654100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116320.654100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116320.654100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6671542732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6671542732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6048882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6048882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6677591614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6677591614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6677591614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6677591614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106948.313301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106948.313301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72010.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72010.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106901.330569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106901.330569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106901.330569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106901.330569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.180452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1093075312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2066304.937618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.180452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13888835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13888835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13888835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13888835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13888835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13888835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8781947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8781947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8781947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8781947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8781947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8781947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13888888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13888888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13888888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13888888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13888888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13888888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165697.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165697.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165697.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165697.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165697.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165697.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6714466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6714466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6714466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6714466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6714466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6714466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172165.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172165.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172165.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172165.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172165.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172165.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                82044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              194775637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2366.654156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.380850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.619150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9632560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9632560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7982612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7982612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17615172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17615172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17615172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17615172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       209037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       209037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       209951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       209951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       209951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       209951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26076536439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26076536439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     77961014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77961014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26154497453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26154497453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  26154497453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26154497453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9841597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9841597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7983526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7983526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        22177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17825123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17825123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17825123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17825123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124746.032707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124746.032707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85296.514223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85296.514223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124574.293302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124574.293302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124574.293302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124574.293302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9273096374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273096374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10113438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10113438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9283209812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9283209812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9283209812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9283209812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113235.680824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113235.680824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66535.776316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66535.776316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113149.161572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113149.161572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113149.161572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113149.161572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.577924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1088401961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2085061.227969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.577924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13734134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13734134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13734134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13734134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13734134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13734134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8149778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8149778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8149778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8149778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8149778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8149778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13734183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13734183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13734183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13734183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13734183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13734183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       166322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       166322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       166322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       166322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       166322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       166322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6962837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6962837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6962837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174070.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174070.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174070.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174070.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174070.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174070.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                63396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              186283085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2926.586517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.252800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.747200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.915050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.084950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9691067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9691067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8199886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8199886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18871                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18871                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17890953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17890953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17890953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17890953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       220156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       220156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28815144593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28815144593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    504990693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    504990693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29320135286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29320135286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29320135286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29320135286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9907299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9907299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8203810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18871                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18871                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18111109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18111109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18111109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18111109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133260.315740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133260.315740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128692.837156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128692.837156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133178.906257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133178.906257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133178.906257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133178.906257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           21489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6845250586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6845250586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11941458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11941458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6857192044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6857192044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6857192044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6857192044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108274.949558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108274.949558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68236.902857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68236.902857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108164.427472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108164.427472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108164.427472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108164.427472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              581.685568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1121124381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1916451.933333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.592784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.092784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13597063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13597063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13597063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13597063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13597063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13597063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8994181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8994181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8994181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8994181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8994181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8994181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13597118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13597118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13597118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13597118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13597118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13597118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163530.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163530.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163530.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163530.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163530.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163530.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7206269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7206269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7206269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7206269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7206269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7206269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171577.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171577.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171577.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171577.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171577.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171577.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                92597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              490430977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                92853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5281.800017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.916636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.083364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     35671068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35671068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19535426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19535426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     55206494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       55206494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     55206494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      55206494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       328571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       328571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  40205305669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40205305669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31006800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31006800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  40236312469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40236312469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  40236312469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40236312469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     35999339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35999339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19535726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19535726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     55535065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55535065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     55535065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55535065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122475.959402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122475.959402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       103356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122458.502025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122458.502025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122458.502025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122458.502025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           17953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10448137910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10448137910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7749978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10455887888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10455887888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10455887888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10455887888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112944.295134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112944.295134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86110.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86110.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112918.214283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112918.214283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112918.214283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112918.214283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              559.704269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013976737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1801024.399645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.598733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.105536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.055447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13944468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13944468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13944468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13944468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13944468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6923068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6923068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6923068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6923068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6923068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6923068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13944511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13944511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13944511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161001.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161001.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161001.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161001.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161001.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161001.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5944654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5944654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5944654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5944654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5944654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5944654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165129.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165129.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165129.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165129.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165129.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165129.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                62464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              243206518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                62720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3877.654943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   199.323163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    56.676837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.778606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.221394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20496517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20496517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3947411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24443928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       24443928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24443928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      24443928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       216956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       216956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25115343799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25115343799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     43899411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43899411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25159243210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25159243210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25159243210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25159243210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20713065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20713065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3947819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24660884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24660884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24660884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24660884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115980.493004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115980.493004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107596.595588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107596.595588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115964.726534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115964.726534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115964.726534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115964.726534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       154167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       154492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       154492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6646866286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6646866286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6596071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6653462357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6653462357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6653462357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6653462357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106552.736987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106552.736987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79470.734940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79470.734940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106516.751361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106516.751361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106516.751361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106516.751361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              520.905882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1088399986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2085057.444444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.905882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13732159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13732159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13732159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13732159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13732159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13732159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8309894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8309894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8309894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8309894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8309894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8309894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13732206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13732206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13732206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13732206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13732206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13732206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176806.255319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176806.255319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176806.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176806.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176806.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176806.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7317829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7317829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7317829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182945.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182945.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182945.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182945.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182945.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182945.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                63277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              186276311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                63533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2931.961516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.251550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.748450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.915045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.084955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9686928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9686928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8197313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8197313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19946                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19946                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17884241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17884241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17884241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17884241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       215732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       219653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       219653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28703074448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28703074448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    504085545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    504085545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29207159993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29207159993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29207159993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29207159993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9902660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9902660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8201234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8201234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18103894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18103894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18103894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18103894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 133049.684090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133049.684090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128560.455241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128560.455241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 132969.547391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132969.547391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 132969.547391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132969.547391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           20989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        63103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        63277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        63277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6860904329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6860904329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11722029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11722029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6872626358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6872626358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6872626358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6872626358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108725.485777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108725.485777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67367.982759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67367.982759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108611.760324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108611.760324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108611.760324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108611.760324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.080055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088406455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2089071.890595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.080055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13738628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13738628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13738628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13738628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13738628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13738628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8473215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8473215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8473215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8473215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8473215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8473215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13738676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13738676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13738676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13738676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13738676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13738676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176525.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176525.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176525.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176525.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176525.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176525.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6975052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6975052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6975052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6975052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6975052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6975052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178847.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178847.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178847.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178847.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178847.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178847.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186280673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2933.831118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.253194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.746806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9687156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9687156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8201334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8201334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17888490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17888490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17888490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17888490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       216404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       220340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       220340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28780647931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28780647931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    494742212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494742212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29275390143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29275390143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29275390143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29275390143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9903560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9903560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8205270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8205270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18873                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18873                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18108830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18108830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18108830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18108830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132994.990532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132994.990532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125696.700203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125696.700203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132864.618966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132864.618966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132864.618966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132864.618966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           21603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       153342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6780436217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6780436217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12239212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12239212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6792675429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792675429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6792675429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792675429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107520.158209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107520.158209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69540.977273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69540.977273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107414.456956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107414.456956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107414.456956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107414.456956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              494.623161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1090188551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2189133.636546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.623161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14064537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14064537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14064537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       14064537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14064537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      14064537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9133700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9133700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9133700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9133700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9133700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9133700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14064591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14064591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14064591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     14064591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14064591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     14064591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169142.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169142.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169142.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169142.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169142.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169142.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7333668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7333668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7333668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7333668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7333668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7333668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170550.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170550.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170550.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170550.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170550.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170550.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                41558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              177961502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4256.026737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.464470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.535530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     11230649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11230649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8337172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8337172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19567821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       19567821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19567821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      19567821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       106636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2656                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2656                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       109292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       109292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       109292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       109292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11745422440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11745422440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    188591440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    188591440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11934013880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11934013880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11934013880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11934013880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     11337285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11337285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8339828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8339828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        22116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19677113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19677113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19677113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19677113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110145.002063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110145.002063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 71005.813253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71005.813253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109193.846576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109193.846576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109193.846576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109193.846576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       274736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30526.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        65341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4226577511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4226577511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21693783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21693783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4248271294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4248271294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4248271294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4248271294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102350.829665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102350.829665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82485.866920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82485.866920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102225.114154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102225.114154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102225.114154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102225.114154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.947823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1093077651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2062410.662264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.947823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13891174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13891174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13891174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13891174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13891174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13891174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8849084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8849084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8849084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8849084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8849084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8849084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13891224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13891224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13891224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13891224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13891224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13891224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176981.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176981.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176981.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176981.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176981.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176981.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7126536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7126536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7126536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178163.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178163.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178163.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178163.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178163.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178163.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                82114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              194782140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                82370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2364.721865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.384549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.615451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.915565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.084435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9636591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9636591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7984877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7984877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18631                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18631                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17621468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17621468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17621468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17621468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       209146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       209146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       210058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       210058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       210058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       210058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26036204184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26036204184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79182255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79182255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26115386439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26115386439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26115386439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26115386439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9845737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9845737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7985789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7985789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        22375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18631                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17831526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17831526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17831526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17831526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124488.176604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124488.176604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86822.648026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86822.648026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124324.645760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124324.645760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124324.645760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124324.645760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        82114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        82114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9254455599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9254455599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10258391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10258391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9264713990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264713990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9264713990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264713990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112910.161890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112910.161890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67936.364238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67936.364238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112827.459264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112827.459264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112827.459264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112827.459264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              581.448957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1121122607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1916448.900855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.356199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.092758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13595289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13595289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13595289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13595289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13595289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13595289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9004967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9004967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9004967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9004967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9004967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9004967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13595344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13595344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13595344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13595344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13595344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13595344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163726.672727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163726.672727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163726.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163726.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163726.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163726.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7165613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7165613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7165613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170609.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170609.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170609.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170609.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170609.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170609.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                92527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              490429251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                92783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5285.766261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.916806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.083194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     35670493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35670493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19534283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19534283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     55204776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       55204776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     55204776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      55204776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       327824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       328122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       328122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       328122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       328122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  40184933892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40184933892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31516900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31516900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  40216450792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40216450792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  40216450792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40216450792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     35998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19534581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19534581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     55532898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55532898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     55532898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55532898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122580.817426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122580.817426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105761.409396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105761.409396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122565.542061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122565.542061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122565.542061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122565.542061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           16376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       235387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       235595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       235595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10468285075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10468285075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7935271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7935271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10476220346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10476220346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10476220346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10476220346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113247.780380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113247.780380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88169.677778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88169.677778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113223.387184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113223.387184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113223.387184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113223.387184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              496.130075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1090198559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2184766.651303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.130075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.065914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14074545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14074545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14074545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       14074545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14074545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      14074545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10725069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10725069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10725069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10725069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10725069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10725069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14074601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14074601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14074601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     14074601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14074601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     14074601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191519.089286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191519.089286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191519.089286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191519.089286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191519.089286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191519.089286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8433655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8433655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8433655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8433655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8433655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8433655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191673.977273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191673.977273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191673.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191673.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191673.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191673.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              177977675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                42006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4236.958411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.465865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.534135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11239903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11239903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8344501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8344501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19584404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19584404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19584404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19584404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       107075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       109711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       109711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       109711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       109711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11587276929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11587276929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    194534718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    194534718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11781811647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11781811647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11781811647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11781811647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11346978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11346978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8347137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8347137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19694115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19694115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19694115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19694115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108216.455092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108216.455092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73799.210167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73799.210167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107389.520167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107389.520167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107389.520167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107389.520167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       496140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38164.615385                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        65588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4153336359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4153336359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22284275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22284275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4175620634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4175620634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4175620634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4175620634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100111.754501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100111.754501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84731.083650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84731.083650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100014.865485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100014.865485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100014.865485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100014.865485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.993682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1121129887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1923035.826758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.786838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   540.206844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.865716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13602569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13602569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13602569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13602569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13602569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13602569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9190548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9190548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9190548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9190548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9190548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9190548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13602618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13602618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13602618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13602618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13602618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13602618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 187562.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187562.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 187562.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187562.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 187562.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187562.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7575283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7575283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7575283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7575283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7575283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7575283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189382.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189382.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189382.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189382.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189382.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189382.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                92590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              490401653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                92846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5281.882397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.916473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.083527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     35653911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35653911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19523273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19523273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     55177184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       55177184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     55177184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      55177184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       326875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       327161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       327161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  40025179756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40025179756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26709793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26709793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  40051889549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40051889549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  40051889549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40051889549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     35980786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35980786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19523559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19523559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     55504345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55504345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     55504345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55504345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122447.968661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122447.968661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93390.884615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93390.884615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122422.567326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122422.567326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122422.567326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122422.567326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           15547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10456501766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10456501766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6995085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6995085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10463496851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10463496851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10463496851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10463496851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113043.262335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113043.262335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77723.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77723.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113008.930241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113008.930241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113008.930241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113008.930241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              520.457356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1088403975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2085065.086207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.457356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13736148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13736148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13736148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13736148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13736148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13736148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8930472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8930472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8930472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8930472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8930472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8930472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13736197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13736197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13736197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13736197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13736197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13736197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182254.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182254.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182254.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182254.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182254.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182254.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7315463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7315463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7315463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7315463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7315463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7315463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182886.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182886.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182886.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182886.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182886.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182886.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                63300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              186277044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                63556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2930.912015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.253644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.746356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9687415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9687415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8197504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8197504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17884919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17884919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17884919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17884919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       220134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       220134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       220134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       220134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28670125200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28670125200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    495257419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    495257419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29165382619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29165382619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29165382619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29165382619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9903627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9903627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8201426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8201426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18105053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18105053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18105053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18105053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132601.914787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132601.914787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126276.751402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126276.751402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132489.223014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132489.223014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132489.223014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132489.223014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       167977                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       167977                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           20939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        63125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        63300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        63300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6813281204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6813281204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11850874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11850874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6825132078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6825132078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6825132078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6825132078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107933.167588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107933.167588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67719.280000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67719.280000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107821.991754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107821.991754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107821.991754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107821.991754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.879904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1088418019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2089094.086372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.879904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13750192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13750192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13750192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13750192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13750192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13750192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8442580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8442580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8442580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8442580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8442580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8442580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13750239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13750239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13750239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13750239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13750239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13750239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179629.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179629.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179629.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179629.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179629.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179629.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7242189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7242189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7242189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7242189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7242189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7242189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 185697.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185697.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 185697.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185697.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 185697.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185697.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              186283987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                63247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2945.341075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.254118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.745882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.915055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.084945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9689061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9689061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8202889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8202889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17891950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17891950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17891950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17891950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       214725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       218647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       218647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       218647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       218647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28423811869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28423811869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    503010276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    503010276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28926822145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28926822145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28926822145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28926822145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9903786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9903786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8206811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8206811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18110597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18110597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18110597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18110597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132373.090553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132373.090553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128253.512494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128253.512494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132299.195255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132299.195255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132299.195255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132299.195255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           21448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       151910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       155656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       155656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6715716607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6715716607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12171852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12171852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6727888459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6727888459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6727888459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6727888459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106912.626077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106912.626077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69158.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69158.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106807.138464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106807.138464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106807.138464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106807.138464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              578.041305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1121129245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1929654.466437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.016096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.025210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13601927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13601927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13601927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13601927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13601927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13601927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8633379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8633379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8633379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8633379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8633379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8633379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13601976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13601976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13601976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13601976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13601976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13601976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176191.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176191.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176191.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176191.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176191.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176191.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6800722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6800722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6800722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6800722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6800722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6800722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178966.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178966.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178966.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178966.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178966.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178966.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                92612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              490454914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                92868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5281.204656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.916514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.083486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     35686629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35686629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19543796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19543796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     55230425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       55230425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     55230425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      55230425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       328691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       328691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  40041873164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40041873164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31065702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31065702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  40072938866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40072938866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  40072938866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40072938866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     36015027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36015027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19544089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19544089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     55559116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55559116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     55559116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55559116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121930.928824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121930.928824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106026.286689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106026.286689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121916.751192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121916.751192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121916.751192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121916.751192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           16330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       235876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       236079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       236079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10440299787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10440299787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7758011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7758011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10448057798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10448057798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10448057798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10448057798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112841.267882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112841.267882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86200.122222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86200.122222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112815.378115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112815.378115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112815.378115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112815.378115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              494.559618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1090190019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2189136.584337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.559618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.063397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14066005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14066005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14066005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       14066005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14066005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      14066005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10521850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10521850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10521850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10521850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10521850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10521850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14066061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14066061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14066061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     14066061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14066061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     14066061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187890.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187890.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187890.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187890.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187890.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187890.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8135551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8135551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8135551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8135551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8135551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8135551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189198.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189198.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189198.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189198.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189198.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189198.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                41696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              177962851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                41952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4242.058805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.464412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.535588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     11232062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11232062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8337557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8337557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19569619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19569619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19569619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19569619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       106973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       109498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       109498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       109498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       109498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11823034013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11823034013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    184636235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    184636235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12007670248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12007670248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12007670248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12007670248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     11339035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11339035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8340082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8340082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19679117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19679117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19679117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19679117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110523.534097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110523.534097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73123.261386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73123.261386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109661.091965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109661.091965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109661.091965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109661.091965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       397628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        36148                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        65536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        41437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        41696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        41696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4226887447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4226887447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21453754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21453754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4248341201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4248341201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4248341201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4248341201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102007.564423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102007.564423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82833.027027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82833.027027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101888.459349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101888.459349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101888.459349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101888.459349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
