
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106112                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106111918344                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633213981252                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   400328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1918081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67613316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55321.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17393631947                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22146940514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2553600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4066176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1857664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1842688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1848192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3737600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2472192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2506624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2501888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1440384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1431552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3763840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3733504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1871488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2482432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3742848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41929344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10887552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10887552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        31767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                327573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        44632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24065157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38319692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17506648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17365514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17417384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35223188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23297967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23622455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23577823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13574196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13490963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35470474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35184587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        48251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17636926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23394469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35272645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               395142644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        44632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        48251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             722558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102604422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102604422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102604422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        44632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24065157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38319692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        48251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17506648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17365514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        48251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17417384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35223188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23297967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23622455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23577823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13574196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13490963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        45838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35470474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35184587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        48251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17636926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23394469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35272645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              497747066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20680768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16962525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8618356                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8092797                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121751                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90719                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197474230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117497108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20680768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10214548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25856753                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5736866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6547371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12162840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233557012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207700259     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2799907      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3246255      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782717      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2068499      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1131941      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         765719      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1996281      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12065434      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233557012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461742                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195889387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8162461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25649482                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       195922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3659754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3353658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18904                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143435847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3659754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196194516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2938404                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4362174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25553148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       849010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143346328                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       223067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       394587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           38                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199230846                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667447806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667447806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       28939114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37675                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21043                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2272121                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13682303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7454714                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1648381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143134978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135320280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184612                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17774586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41056716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4296                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233557012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176523133     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22952077      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12329067      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8522375      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7453622      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3819485      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916262      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594469      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446522      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233557012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36028     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124155     42.56%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131530     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113275714     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2115629      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12510553      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7401800      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135320280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531783                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504673893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160948587                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133088160                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135611993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342202                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2398620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          844                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3659754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2439291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143172843                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13682303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7454714                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21037                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312260                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133333875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11751867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1986401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19151808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18661662                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7399941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133090286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133088160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79112048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207177215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523012                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20486057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2038487                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229897258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179780394     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23241056     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9736852      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5851643      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054760      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618099      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356801      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093358      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2164295      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229897258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2164295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370906240                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290007744                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20908021                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.544650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.544650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392981                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392981                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601491761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184725504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133871843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19801789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17868374                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1034402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7486582                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7085115                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1094579                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209866932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124565254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19801789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8179694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24637791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3250046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5035168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12043648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1039525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    241729684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      217091893     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         883807      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797785      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         755677      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4100381      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3643076      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         704302      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1472910      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11279853      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    241729684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      208704036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6210888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24547352                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        78117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2189286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1737930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    146069679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2189286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      208910953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4482299                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1074237                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24433471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       639431                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    145994841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       277530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       230970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3191                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171383338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    687674650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    687674650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    152153437                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19229882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16949                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8551                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1609018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34458986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17433365                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       846832                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        145714963                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17001                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       140140982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72914                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11167833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26767217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241729684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191960019     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14880895      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12235800      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5290586      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6705442      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6501515      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682663      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290704      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182060      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241729684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354735     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2766613     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80178      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87899212     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224775      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8394      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33613330     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17395271     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    140140982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3201526                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    525286088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156903348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138949155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143342508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1316849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          574                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104276                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12415                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2189286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4114404                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145732045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34458986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17433365                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8555                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       602603                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611431                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1214034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139163500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33499139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           50893003                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18234723                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17393864                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            138953438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           138949155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75043565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       147830274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546044                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507633                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112934761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    132717297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13029057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16918                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1057161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239540398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191436617     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17537815      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8234291      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8144533      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2214855      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9476152      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707750      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       516459      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1271926      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239540398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112934761                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    132717297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50471219                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33142130                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17525878                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       118017855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1285572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1271926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          384014488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         293682212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4601159                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12735349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112934761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           132717297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112934761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.253204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.253204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      688010111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     161333876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     173965696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20979704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17166710                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2047144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8619090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8250862                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201919384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            117346112                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20979704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10418506                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24491288                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5596857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4797088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12353516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    234730822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      210239534     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1144382      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1814571      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2454016      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2526668      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2137817      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1193105      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1773894      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11446835      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    234730822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082446                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461148                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199864593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6869498                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24447168                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3522686                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3452968                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143972736                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3522686                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      200415426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1424947                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4186433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23930277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1251051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143920781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       170908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       545450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    200837173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    669549788                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    669549788                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    174104315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26732858                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35806                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3744996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13459330                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7301211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143742607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35931                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       136492766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15898917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38099785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234730822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176973554     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23751249     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12025419      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9080247      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7134058      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879381      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1816874      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944763      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125277      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234730822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26212     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83058     36.73%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116892     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114793683     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040043      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17113      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12363777      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7278150      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    136492766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507961222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159678018                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134448038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    136718928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279890                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148850                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          565                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3522686                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1139524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143778684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13459330                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7301211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18692                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          565                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2342229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134612045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11635923                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1880721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18913788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19129024                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7277865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529000                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            134448228                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           134448038                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        77180829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       207964335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101491485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    124884102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18894617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2073036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231208136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179982214     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25390557     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9589958      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4574696      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3850546      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210439      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1934463      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873720      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2801543      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231208136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    101491485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    124884102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18505811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11310480                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18008571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       112518991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2571626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2801543                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372184610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         291080180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3058710                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19734211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         101491485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           124884102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    101491485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.507255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.507255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      605860001                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     187284883                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     133481956                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        34490                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20981242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17168876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2047938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8623183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8251469                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201944455                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117356009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20981242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10418779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24492980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5599909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4789026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12355294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050020                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234751782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210258802     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1144946      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1815792      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2455179      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2524401      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2135293      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1193791      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1773650      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11449928      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234751782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199888137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6862563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24449231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3524949                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3452508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143986547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3524949                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200438461                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1424210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4181304                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23932872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1249984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143934920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       170885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       544929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    200854746                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    669613053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    669613053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    174108893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26745853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35642                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18526                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3740465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13462083                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7301073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1800470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143756312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136503318                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18640                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15909830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38121209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1252                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234751782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176939065     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23814100     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12044551      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9065402      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7121640      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2880945      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815533      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944941      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125605      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234751782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26271     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83042     36.72%     48.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116850     51.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114802854     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040111      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17113      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12365024      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7278216      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136503318                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    508003221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159702472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134456671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136729481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2151302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          563                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105558                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3524949                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1139254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121933                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143792225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13462083                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7301073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18529                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103076                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          563                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1191048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2343226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134621129                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11636209                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1882189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18914129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19129436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7277920                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134456890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134456671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77189906                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207982071                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101494140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    124887410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18904851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34517                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2073836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231226833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179957183     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25433039     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585708      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4574324      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3876065      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2212587      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1918032      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       874564      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2795331      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231226833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101494140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    124887410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18506296                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11310781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18009055                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112521986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2571706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2795331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          372223061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         291109532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3059041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19713251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101494140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           124887410                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101494140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.507189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.507189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398853                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398853                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      605900640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187300029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133491709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20980363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17166833                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2046684                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8635241                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8254183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167557                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201943991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117349113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20980363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10421740                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24494060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5596048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4796206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12354311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048883                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234756959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210262899     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1145020      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1815692      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2455262      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2525039      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2137229      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1196804      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1773751      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11445263      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234756959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461160                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199888189                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6869385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24450199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26860                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3522324                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3453461                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143979371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3522324                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200438193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1430203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4182401                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23934046                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1249790                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143927911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       171405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       544523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200840997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    669586011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    669586011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    174113754                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26727241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35680                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3737016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13462048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7301631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1738025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143750059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35807                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136499542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15903311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38112659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1286                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234756959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176996855     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23751897     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12024556      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9083967      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7133599      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2880719      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814625      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945037      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125704      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234756959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26289     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83038     36.72%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116812     51.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114796898     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040050      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17114      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12366799      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7278681      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136499542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226139                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    508000910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159689743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134457613                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136725681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       280049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2150954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          567                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3522324                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1144881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143786011                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13462048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7301631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          567                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1191162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149971                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2341133                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134621730                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11637537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1877812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18915946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19129529                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7278409                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134457862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134457613                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77180306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207962169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101497024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    124890859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18895181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34521                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2072579                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231234635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180006285     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25391825     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9590813      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4573537      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3852443      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209709      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1934022      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873660      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2802341      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231234635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101497024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    124890859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18506814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11311093                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17222                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18009516                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112525099                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2571759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2802341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372217632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         291094454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3058392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19708074                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101497024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           124890859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101497024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.507118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.507118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398864                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398864                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      605905901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187292883                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133486929                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34490                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20610918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16855275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2014345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8654601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8144113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122099                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89443                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200179771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            116915800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20610918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10266212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24513257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5836183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3518042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12307817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2029912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231988791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      207475534     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1332416      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2104169      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3345290      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1381909      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1552593      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1646986      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1076558      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12073336      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231988791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      198332490                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5379568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24437074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        62395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3777263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3379856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    142786700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2970                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3777263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      198638046                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1729592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2769665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24199426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       874786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    142703291                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        27217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       246347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       328953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41501                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    198133097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    663826745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    663826745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    169313139                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28819953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19992                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2635061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13606945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7308112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658851                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        142504948                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       134962469                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166148                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17959458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39783883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3452                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231988791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175074053     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22844907      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12502823      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8508755      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7957826      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2288557      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788757      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605884      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231988791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31451     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97563     38.75%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122763     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113063403     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130335      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16371      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12478836      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7273524      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    134962469                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530377                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251777                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502331654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160502375                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132787145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    135214246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2432229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1529                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       204297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8421                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3777263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1152124                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142541556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13606945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7308112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1529                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2326168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133036934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11736658                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1925535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19008484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18722374                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7271826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            132788220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           132787145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        77641222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       202829533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99453526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    121904441                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20637334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33018                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2056976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228211528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178717413     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23970767     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9333798      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026216      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3765112      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102488      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296196      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158938      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840600      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228211528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     99453526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    121904441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18278528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11174713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17498781                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       109845065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2476437                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2840600                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          367912040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         288861026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3230231                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              22476242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          99453526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           121904441                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     99453526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.558633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.558633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      599956158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     184071690                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133175286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19312315                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17241573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539641                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12920091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12599042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1161708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46698                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204123037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109673583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19312315                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13760750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24457877                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5041261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3065350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12347486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1511243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    235139214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      210681337     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3725969      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1884560      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3686954      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1185159      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3413525      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         538489      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         869484      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9153737      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    235139214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      201648813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5586363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24409642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3474844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1826579                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18107                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122717534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34213                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3474844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      201925012                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3361847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1377344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24154635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       845526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122542248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       677218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160645606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    555424521                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    555424521                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130373174                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30272412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8352                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1831555                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22076466                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3595645                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23759                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       816917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        121912939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16555                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114190171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21915269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44894231                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235139214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185034547     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15839669      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16722233      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9720201      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5014125      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254019      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490871      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34780      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28769      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235139214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191781     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78007     23.32%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64713     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89565532     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897182      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20154326     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3564985      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114190171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448746                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334501                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463927880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143845069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111298283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114524672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90378                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4485843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82176                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2267390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103953                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121929571                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22076466                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3595645                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8350                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2284                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039514                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591976                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1631490                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112741720                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19865197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23429982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17136519                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3564785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443054                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111323546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111298283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67350502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       146780389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437381                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88676636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     99859107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22075348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1529964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231664370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194471564     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14621176      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9386230      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2955550      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4900175      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956369      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607194      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555784      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210328      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231664370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88676636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     99859107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21104089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17590620                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15319361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87274935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1250680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3210328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          350388172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247346477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4533218                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19325819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88676636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            99859107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88676636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.869584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.869584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524010376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145052685                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130290350                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20695972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16972723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8585373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8100368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2125039                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197568764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117625759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20695972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10225407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25880766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5733960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6465962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12166858                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007972                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    233594627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207713861     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2803590      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3244981      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1785008      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2070881      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1128621      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         768744      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2002692      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12076249      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    233594627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      195981238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8083529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25676128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       193507                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3660219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3358401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18917                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143586191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        93897                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3660219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196283399                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2855630                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4370262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25580547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       844564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143499689                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       223078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       392961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    199436898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    668191991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    668191991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    170461081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28975807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37546                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20907                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2250359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13690929                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7466298                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1651946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143290389                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       135455028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       185413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17817933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41183747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233594627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176508147     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22971674      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12331274      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8539291      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7463991      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824301      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913338      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595452      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447159      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233594627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35781     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124304     42.65%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131389     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113380793     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120128      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16600      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524511      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412996      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    135455028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532313                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504981571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161147226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133226923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    135746503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2396062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          856                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       158410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8300                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3660219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2358995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143328127                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13690929                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466298                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103766                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175870                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2308729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133473503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11764929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1981525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19176100                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18678955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7411171                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524526                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133229076                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133226923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        79191282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       207380072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100099357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    122809839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20519683                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33481                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2035091                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229934408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179770770     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23259816     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9746148      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5862577      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4055415      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620523      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356676      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1094199      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2168284      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229934408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100099357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    122809839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18602752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11294864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17576283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110717889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2498555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2168284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          371094970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290319359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3022922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              20870406                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100099357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           122809839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100099357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      602124880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     184909314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     134021455                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33450                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254465032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19326917                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17247095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12809335                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12592852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1160254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204067720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            109756382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19326917                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13753106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24460793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5043845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3071237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12343236                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507603                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    235099224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      210638431     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3725519      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1880967      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3679083      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1187076      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3407428      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         539322      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         877243      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9164155      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    235099224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      201574667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5610760                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24412972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19460                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3481364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1836030                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18111                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    122807118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        34276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3481364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      201852860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3378055                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1381019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24156477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       849443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    122633526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        95173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       681115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    160738823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    555815631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    555815631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    130386611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30352199                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8341                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1836764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     22072396                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3602531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23627                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       820417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        121997968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       114244688                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21991211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45020797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235099224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184980670     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15840646      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16713094      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9741787      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5011339      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256992      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490304      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34783      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29609      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235099224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191112     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78115     23.39%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64705     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89613396     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897521      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20153540     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572085      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    114244688                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            333932                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463995605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144006027                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111355009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    114578620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4478384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        89053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2275295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122014589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22072396                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3602531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2325                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1629404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112796305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19865877                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23437793                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17144983                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3571916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.443268                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            111379839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           111355009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        67367836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       146866681                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458701                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88688010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     99870481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22149048                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1526016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231617860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194423092     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14620058      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9387611      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954537      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4901965      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956492      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607940      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555690      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210475      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231617860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88688010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     99870481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21107488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            17594010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15321252                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        87284426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1250684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3210475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          350426589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         247523166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4528639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19365808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88688010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            99870481                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88688010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.869216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.869216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.348527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.348527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      524253952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     145110151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     130383008                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16412                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23049163                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19191863                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093712                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8816688                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8435925                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200560091                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            126437578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23049163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10915572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26356178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5822880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6812672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12453039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2001476                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    237439102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      211082924     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1616834      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2043563      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3244373      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1355859      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1747775      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2039670      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         931545      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13376559      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    237439102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199378796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8107548                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26230688                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        12458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3709610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3507275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          551                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    154534101                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3709610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199581014                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        648370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6894616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26040943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       564542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    153581602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        81374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       393851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    214528893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    714213293                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    714213293                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    179610285                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34918608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19433                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1982217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14366521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7521052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1692398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        149957453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       143911338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143743                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18115556                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36790262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237439102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176465958     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27804749     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11373696      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6368847      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8637915      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2655108      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615365      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406446      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111018      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237439102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992977     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133648     10.65%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128325     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121242590     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967676      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17812      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13185017      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7498243      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    143911338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1254950                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526660471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168111081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140170747                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    145166288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2692627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          696                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           60                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3709610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        493767                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149994840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14366521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7521052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19433                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          696                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2416456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141407406                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12972210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2503932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20469718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19999990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7497508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            140171236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           140170747                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        83987986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       225598193                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104493612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    128760673                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21234730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35930                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2111642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233729492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179238611     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27614545     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10023946      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4998420      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4566199      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920794      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898715      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904176      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2564086      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233729492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    104493612                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    128760673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19092082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11673894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18663767                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       115926363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2658914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2564086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          381160081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         303700431                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3039718                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              17025931                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         104493612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           128760673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    104493612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.435221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.435221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410640                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410640                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      636288628                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     195872211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     142941801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23049311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19190337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092376                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8832372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8439467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2480833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97419                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200594083                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            126450041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23049311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10920300                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26358487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5817990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6778965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12453628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    237438149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      211079662     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1616350      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2043621      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3246557      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1354378      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1747719      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2040268      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         932561      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13377033      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    237438149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199414153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8072491                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26232972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12463                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3706068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3508768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    154549456                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3706068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      199616384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        647206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6861436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26043315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       563733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    153596617                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        81344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       393365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    214546045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    714292212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    714292212                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    179664970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34881073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19557                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1982198                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14364648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7525079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1702201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149981192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       143944798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143316                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18093143                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36740384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1570                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237438149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176442772     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27821687     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11375520      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6372502      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8634270      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2658934      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615311      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406275      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110878      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237438149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992522     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133348     10.63%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128343     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121267876     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1968292      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17818      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13188592      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7502220      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    143944798                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565676                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1254213                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526725273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168112534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140206399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    145199011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107596                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2687164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3706068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        492552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62339                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150018712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14364648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7525079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19557                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54529                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240121                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2414459                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141441376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12974424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2503421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20476053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20004371                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7501629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555838                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140206785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140206399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84004284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       225641155                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550985                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104525436                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    128799929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21219383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35942                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2110304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233732081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179221481     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27623805     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10029760      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4999331      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4569045      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921269      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899137      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904760      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2563493      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233732081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    104525436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    128799929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19097970                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11677484                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17930                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18669462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       115961725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2659734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2563493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          381187172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         303744723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3037843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17026884                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         104525436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           128799929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    104525436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.434480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.434480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      636446125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     195916756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     142961337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20633050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16873648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2007726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8532065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136785                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89242                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200102774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            117120914                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20633050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10259572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24539960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5839445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3539240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12301629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2023698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231969610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207429650     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1331414      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2100351      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3345321      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1384976      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1547734      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1656051      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1076276      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12097837      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231969610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      198262005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5394528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24463793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        62112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3787171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3383721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    143013810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3042                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3787171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      198565880                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1718020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2796596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24227974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       873956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    142931546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        25195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       245207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       328955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44076                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    198438497                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    664935811                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    664935811                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    169399172                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29039301                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        36299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2621331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13608377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7319770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220371                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        142729093                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       135066202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18133833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40402017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231969610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175038432     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22839523      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12492017      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8517979      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7975359      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2294115      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1786716      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       607351      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418118      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231969610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31510     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97890     38.81%     51.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122824     48.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113145497     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2137674      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16379      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12482287      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7284365      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    135066202                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252224                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502520249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160900805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132903486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    135318426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2427988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          327                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1520                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8443                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3787171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1151589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119754                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142765617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13608377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7319770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1520                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146523                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2319623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133152431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11738727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1913771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           19021242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18731129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7282515                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            132904544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           132903486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        77704756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       203034541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99504009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    121966334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20799489                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33036                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2050316                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228182439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178672539     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23976969     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9332422      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5030114      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3766325      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2103076      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297491      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159471      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844032      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228182439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     99504009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    121966334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18287811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11180381                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17507667                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       109900826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2477694                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2844032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          368103567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         289319034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3225488                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              22495423                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          99504009                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           121966334                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     99504009                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.557334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.557334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      600456572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     184227525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     133392687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        33006                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20625765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16868569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2010399                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8563467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138038                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89507                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200146455                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117054653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20625765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10261096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24530416                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5839920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3531991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12304919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231994304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207463888     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1331635      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2103027      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3344395      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1383095      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1547545      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1653628      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1076533      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12090558      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231994304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      198301736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5391069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24454207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        62314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3784977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3381423                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          466                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    142937406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3043                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3784977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      198607083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1724558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2785571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24216759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       875343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    142854824                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        25354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       246029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       329428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42342                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    198345074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    664569220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    664569220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    169388317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28956729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2634069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13607213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7315382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220761                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        142654818                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36449                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135032651                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18065853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40200175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231994304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175062233     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22848342      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12494734      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8519556      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7966732      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2290041      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788177      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605934      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418555      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231994304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31409     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97456     38.72%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122839     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113117914     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2135631      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16378      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12482075      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7280653      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135032651                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251704                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502477410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160758613                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132863068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135284355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406189                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2427528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          333                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1528                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208402                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8434                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3784977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1153663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142691409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13607213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7315382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19949                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88725                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1528                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2322356                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133112474                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11737878                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1920174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19016807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18727560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7278929                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132864141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132863068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77686928                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       202963791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522127                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99497605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    121958591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20733029                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2052990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228209326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178698593     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23978940     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9334248      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028735      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3765727      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2103579      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295945      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159995      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2843564      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228209326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99497605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    121958591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18286662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11179682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17506589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       109893831                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2477543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2843564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          368056719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         289168441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3227507                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22470729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99497605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           121958591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99497605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.557499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.557499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      600285100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184180031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133321705                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20965080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17154388                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048463                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8654461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8252383                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165717                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201915162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117253281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20965080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10418100                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24477716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5593869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4793446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12352981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234705092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      210227376     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1145057      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1816355      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2453486      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2524948      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2133719      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1193918      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1774476      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11435757      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234705092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      199861888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6864132                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24433806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3518397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3450694                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143869221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3518397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      200411692                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1428620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4179723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23917813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1248845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143817229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       170602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       544370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    200684542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    669063419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    669063419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    174024723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26659769                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35757                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18649                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3737720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13455831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7296491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1746719                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143641125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       136419927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18608                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15857178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37959844                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234705092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176957636     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23764749     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12025581      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9068706      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124830      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2877984      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815660      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944870      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125076      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234705092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26044     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83005     36.69%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117205     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114733567     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037144      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17105      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12358765      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7273346      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    136419927                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226254                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507789808                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159534751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134375959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    136646181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2150504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          565                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3518397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1144487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121751                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143677157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13455831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7296491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18652                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          565                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1193568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2343602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134539864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11630558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1880063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18903634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19119207                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7273076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            134376182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           134375959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77131279                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207842572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528072                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101445085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    124827033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18850126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2074347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231186695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179972880     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25389053     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9586678      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4569006      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3858194      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210949      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1928149      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873097      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798689      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231186695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    101445085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    124827033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18497371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11305322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18000330                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       112467579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2570449                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2798689                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372064463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290872807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3059569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19759941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         101445085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           124827033                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    101445085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.508402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.508402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      605539220                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     187182124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133380291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19318681                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17242032                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12900667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12601110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1161570                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204095542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            109677657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19318681                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13762680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24451081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5040919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3062441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12346849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1511610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    235101566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      210650485     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3724043      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1880138      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3681203      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1186567      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3413632      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         539164      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         875641      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9150693      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    235101566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      201611489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5592962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24403092                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3474409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1832488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18093                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    122719514                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34245                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3474409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      201888828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3366625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1377311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24147266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       847121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    122545104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        95582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       678261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    160634849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    555400202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    555400202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130363095                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30271754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16472                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8328                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1832134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22068855                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3594964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       816768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        121906396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114187030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73911                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21914906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44870663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235101566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184997267     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15844655      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16715862      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9722095      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5011593      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254852      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491713      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34776      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28753      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235101566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191868     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77985     23.32%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64613     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89564745     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897260      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8145      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20152322     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3564558      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114187030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463884003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143838113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111297027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114521496                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4478975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2266390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121922995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22068855                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3594964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40872                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041014                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1632048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112739293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19862277                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1447737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23426670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17138694                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3564393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443044                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111322365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111297027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67340513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       146765997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88670688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     99851676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22076229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1530089                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231627157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194437609     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14620287      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9386184      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2952259      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4900925      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956885      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607132      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555681      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210195      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231627157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88670688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     99851676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21102889                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17589880                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15318251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87268230                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1250505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3210195                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          350344542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         247332932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4533489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19363467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88670688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            99851676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88670688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.869776                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.869776                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      523988666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145047660                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130292389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254465033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20624407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16866622                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2010477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8579854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200119793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            117043168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20624407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10264205                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24529451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5839466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3539479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12303912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231973586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      207444135     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1331640      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2101480      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3344324      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1384510      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1549565      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1655216      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1076717      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12085999      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231973586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081050                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      198277259                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5396756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24452646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        62523                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3784401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3382120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    142921489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3016                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3784401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      198580731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1730260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2788842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24217315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       872024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    142838749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        24907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       246526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       327786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42225                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    198312348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    664492958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    664492958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    169355159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28957189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        36295                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2621203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13606731                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7315413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661913                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        142639234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       135016703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18077291                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40194455                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3376                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231973586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175047381     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22846523      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12494033      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8515923      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7966382      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2293208      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1785619      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       607073      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417444      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231973586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31423     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98156     38.89%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122805     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113103744     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2135172      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16375      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12480599      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7280813      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    135016703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530590                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502425586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160754432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132849523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    135269087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2429241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          312                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8421                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3784401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1154682                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142675775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13606731                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7315413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2322263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133099603                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11737832                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1917100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19016913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18725867                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7279081                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523057                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            132850517                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           132849523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        77677595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       202943814                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522074                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382754                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99478217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    121934697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20741343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2053109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228189185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178688104     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23973352     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9333294      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5027574      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3765523      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2103098      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295987      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159493      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842760      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228189185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     99478217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    121934697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18283065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11177490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17503134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       109872313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2477048                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2842760                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          368021802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         289136687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3228338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22491447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          99478217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           121934697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     99478217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.557998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.557998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      600228983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     184155971                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     133310086                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         327777                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.909875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1898250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         360539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.265034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           249.329481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.017517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1764.454118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.019702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2725.440236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.102088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1286.297626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.259961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1271.841186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.971273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1272.795288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.227063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2044.027213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.642396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1681.463372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.071871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1761.871005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.567458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1664.104180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.499337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1027.233079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.859831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1044.077566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.200427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2081.974508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.004979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2101.941496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.901555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1281.605331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.955123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1677.715540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.134513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2088.141930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           366.815132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           452.002137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           299.888105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           320.208014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           319.135695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           425.331472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           364.184855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           381.476111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           358.508820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           273.284039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           272.413616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           390.705391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           401.388665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           298.529814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           366.274835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           400.014924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.053847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.083174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.039255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.038814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.038843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.062379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.051314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.053768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.050784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.031349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.031863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.063537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.064146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.039111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.051200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.063725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.013794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.012980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.012249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.012207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  560809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           161748                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                161748                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        43103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   562974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        50079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        43103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  562974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                327561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 327573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19583                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                327573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5756364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3282225406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5900808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5174798539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6407779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2365381459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6454270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2345072539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6224083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2354948112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5763193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4795295689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5098426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3138062316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5799188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3224324423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5028532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3181098439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5369244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1848540234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1833781917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5671852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4818809284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5758454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4782096370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6379725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2389037481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5173848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3152851909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5884116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4790525231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53568773474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       654494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       283455                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       818895                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       173921                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1930765                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5756364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3282879900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5900808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5175081994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6407779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2365381459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6454270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2345072539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6224083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2354948112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5763193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4795295689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5098426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3138062316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5799188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3225143318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5028532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3181098439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5369244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1848540234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1833781917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5671852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4818809284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5758454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4782096370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6379725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2389037481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5173848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3152851909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5884116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4790699152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      53570704239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5756364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3282879900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5900808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5175081994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6407779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2365381459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6454270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2345072539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6224083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2354948112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5763193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4795295689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5098426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3138062316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5799188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3225143318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5028532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3181098439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5369244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1848540234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1833781917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5671852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4818809284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5758454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4782096370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6379725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2389037481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5173848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3152851909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5884116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4790699152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     53570704239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              888370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       161748                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            161748                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               890547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              890547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.403722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.306722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.305174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.406298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.368721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.031447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.304984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.303427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.304984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.303427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155577.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164555.570340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151302.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162908.815961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160194.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162983.632536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161356.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162897.508961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155602.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163096.344068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151662.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164222.455103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149953.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162476.044113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148697.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164691.205588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152379.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162749.331781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149145.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164270.881898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154536.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163964.763680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149259.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163877.207414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151538.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163950.094967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159493.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163397.680118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       152172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162568.418532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150874.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163834.652223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163538.313395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163623.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 141727.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       163779                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       173921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160897.083333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155577.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164555.383459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151302.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162907.482419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160194.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162983.632536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161356.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162897.508961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155602.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163096.344068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151662.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164222.455103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149953.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162476.044113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148697.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164690.972680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152379.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162749.331781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149145.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164270.881898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154536.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163964.763680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149259.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163877.207414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151538.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163950.094967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159493.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163397.680118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       152172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162568.418532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150874.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163834.997162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163538.216639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155577.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164555.383459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151302.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162907.482419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160194.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162983.632536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161356.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162897.508961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155602.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163096.344068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151662.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164222.455103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149953.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162476.044113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148697.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164690.972680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152379.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162749.331781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149145.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164270.881898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154536.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163964.763680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149259.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163877.207414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151538.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163950.094967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159493.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163397.680118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       152172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162568.418532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150874.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163834.997162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163538.216639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                85059                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     85059                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           327561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            327573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           327573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3604490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2120540772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3627821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3325664183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4084138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1520278684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4133764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1506763789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3900467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1514148396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3552928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3094995136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3116751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2013004390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3525929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2084128939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3110157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2042458327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3272394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1193298441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3278234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1182538939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3460726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3106827597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3546124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3083651158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4055341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537686033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3198831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2023114666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3615051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3087931989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34494114585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       422328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       166872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       528226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       115133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232559                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3604490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2120963100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3627821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3325831055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4084138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1520278684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4133764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1506763789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3900467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1514148396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3552928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3094995136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3116751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2013004390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3525929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2084657165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3110157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2042458327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3272394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1193298441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3278234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1182538939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3460726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3106827597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3546124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3083651158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4055341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537686033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3198831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2023114666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3615051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3088047122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34495347144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3604490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2120963100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3627821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3325831055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4084138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1520278684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4133764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1506763789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3900467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1514148396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3552928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3094995136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3116751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2013004390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3525929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2084657165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3110157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2042458327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3272394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1193298441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3278234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1182538939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3460726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3106827597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3546124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3083651158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4055341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537686033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3198831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2023114666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3615051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3088047122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34495347144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.403722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.306722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.305174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.406298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.031447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.304984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.303427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.304984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.303427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97418.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106314.086634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93021.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104695.865985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102103.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104752.889409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103344.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104665.447972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97511.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104865.184293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93498.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105992.984110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91669.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104225.141866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90408.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106452.596741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94247.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104494.951755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90899.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106042.694481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96418.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105734.883673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91071.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105656.439279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93319.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105720.349630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101383.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105169.689693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94083.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104316.523976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92693.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105606.429172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105305.926484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       105582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        83436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105645.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       115133                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102713.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97418.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106313.939850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93021.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104694.527497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102103.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104752.889409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103344.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104665.447972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97511.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104865.184293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93498.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105992.984110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91669.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104225.141866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90408.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106452.390594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94247.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104494.951755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90899.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106042.694481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96418.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105734.883673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91071.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105656.439279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93319.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105720.349630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101383.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105169.689693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94083.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104316.523976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92693.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105606.754967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105305.831506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97418.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106313.939850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93021.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104694.527497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102103.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104752.889409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103344.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104665.447972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97511.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104865.184293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93498.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105992.984110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91669.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104225.141866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90408.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106452.390594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94247.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104494.951755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90899.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106042.694481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96418.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105734.883673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91071.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105656.439279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93319.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105720.349630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101383.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105169.689693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94083.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104316.523976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92693.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105606.754967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105305.831506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.270633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012170884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1946482.469231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.270633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12162792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12162792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12162792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12162792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12162792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12162792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7816545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7816545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7816545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7816545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7816545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7816545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12162840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12162840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12162840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12162840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12162840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12162840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162844.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162844.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162844.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162844.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162844.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162844.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6309543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6309543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6309543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6309543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6309543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6309543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166040.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166040.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166040.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166040.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166040.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166040.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172655633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3056.176461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.809836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.190164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8575692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8575692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15836767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15836767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15836767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15836767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       192556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       196359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       196359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25133973804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25133973804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    485577397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485577397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25619551201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25619551201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25619551201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25619551201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8768248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8768248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16033126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16033126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16033126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16033126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130528.125865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130528.125865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 127682.723376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127682.723376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130473.017285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130473.017285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130473.017285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130473.017285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           18856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       136478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140121                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140121                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5920672595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5920672595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11129214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11129214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5931801809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5931801809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5931801809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5931801809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105579.239541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105579.239541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69557.587500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69557.587500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105476.756090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105476.756090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105476.756090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105476.756090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.408711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041626379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1786666.173242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.372541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.036170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12043598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12043598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12043598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12043598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12043598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12043598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7949733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7949733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7949733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7949733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7949733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7949733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12043648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12043648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12043648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12043648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12043648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12043648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158994.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158994.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158994.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158994.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158994.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158994.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6494550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6494550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6494550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6494550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6494550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6494550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162363.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162363.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162363.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162363.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162363.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162363.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                81846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              450485667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5486.902475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.908673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.091327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31612826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31612826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17311694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17311694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48924520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       48924520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48924520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      48924520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       289814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       289814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34726058675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34726058675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23348070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23348070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34749406745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34749406745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34749406745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34749406745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     31902380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31902380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17311954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17311954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49214334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49214334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49214334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49214334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119929.473173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119929.473173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89800.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89800.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119902.443446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119902.443446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119902.443446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119902.443446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16316                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           16316                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       207786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       207968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       207968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8993507104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8993507104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5677025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5677025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8999184129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8999184129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8999184129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8999184129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109988.101751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109988.101751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72782.371795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72782.371795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109952.644344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109952.644344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109952.644344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109952.644344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.124616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011049299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1951832.623552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.124616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.067507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12353464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12353464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12353464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12353464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12353464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12353464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11148534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11148534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11148534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11148534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11148534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11148534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12353516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12353516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12353516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12353516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12353516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12353516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 214394.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214394.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 214394.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214394.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 214394.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214394.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9177155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9177155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9177155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 213422.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213422.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 213422.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213422.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 213422.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213422.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                41507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166598682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                41763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3989.145464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.364055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.635945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8505938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8505938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7161316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7161316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15667254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15667254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15667254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15667254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       133055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       133947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       133947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       133947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       133947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16467709812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16467709812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     78504047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78504047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16546213859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16546213859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16546213859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16546213859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8638993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8638993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7162208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18557                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18557                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15801201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15801201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15801201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15801201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123766.185502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123766.185502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88009.021300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88009.021300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123528.066019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123528.066019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123528.066019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123528.066019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        91700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        92440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        92440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4314812483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4314812483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10490539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10490539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4325303022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325303022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4325303022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325303022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104335.932366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104335.932366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69016.703947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69016.703947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104206.592189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104206.592189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104206.592189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104206.592189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.993545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011051078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1951836.057915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.993545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.067297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12355243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12355243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12355243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12355243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12355243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12355243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10811549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10811549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10811549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10811549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10811549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10811549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12355294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12355294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12355294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12355294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12355294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12355294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 211991.156863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211991.156863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 211991.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211991.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 211991.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211991.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9201921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9201921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9201921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9201921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9201921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9201921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 213998.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213998.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 213998.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213998.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 213998.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213998.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166600849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3989.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.362900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.637100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8508076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8508076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7161507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7161507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15669583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15669583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15669583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15669583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       132967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       133854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       133854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16428572139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16428572139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77399676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77399676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16505971815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16505971815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16505971815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16505971815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8641043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8641043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7162394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15803437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15803437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15803437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15803437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123553.754984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123553.754984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87260.063134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87260.063134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123313.250370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123313.250370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123313.250370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123313.250370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4301033004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4301033004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10334405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10334405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4311367409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4311367409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4311367409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4311367409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104012.793016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104012.793016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67989.506579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67989.506579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103880.861841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103880.861841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103880.861841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103880.861841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.272286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011050097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951834.164093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    42.272286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12354262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12354262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12354262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12354262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12354262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12354262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10530643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10530643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10530643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10530643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10530643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10530643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12354311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12354311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12354311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12354311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12354311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12354311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 214911.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214911.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 214911.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214911.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 214911.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214911.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9199292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9199292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9199292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9199292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9199292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9199292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213937.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213937.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213937.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213937.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213937.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213937.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166600306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3989.088832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.361968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.638032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8507290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8507290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7161716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7161716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15669006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15669006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15669006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15669006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       134030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       134030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       134030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       134030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16473981731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16473981731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     77116035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77116035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16551097766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16551097766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16551097766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16551097766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8640438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8640438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7162598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18429                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18429                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15803036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15803036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15803036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15803036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123726.843295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123726.843295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87433.146259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87433.146259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123488.008401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123488.008401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123488.008401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123488.008401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4306488040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4306488040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10229720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10229720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4316717760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4316717760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4316717760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4316717760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104129.604178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104129.604178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67746.490066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67746.490066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103997.247759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103997.247759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103997.247759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103997.247759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.796315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1016765812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1922052.574669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.796315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12307767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12307767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12307767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12307767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12307767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12307767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8010957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8010957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8010957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8010957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8010957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8010957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12307817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12307817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12307817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12307817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12307817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12307817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160219.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160219.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160219.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160219.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160219.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160219.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6357567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6357567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6357567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6357567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6357567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6357567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163014.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163014.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163014.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163014.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163014.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163014.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                72462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              181301025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                72718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2493.206978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.169749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.830251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8534997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8534997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7069677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7069677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15604674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15604674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15604674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15604674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       184291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       185106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       185106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22520580897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22520580897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70075697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70075697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22590656594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22590656594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22590656594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22590656594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8719288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8719288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7070492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7070492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15789780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15789780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15789780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15789780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122201.197546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122201.197546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85982.450307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85982.450307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122041.730652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122041.730652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122041.730652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122041.730652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        72327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        72462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        72462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7991086378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7991086378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9034827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9034827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8000121205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8000121205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8000121205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8000121205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110485.522391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110485.522391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66924.644444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66924.644444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110404.366496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110404.366496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110404.366496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110404.366496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.623105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931044621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656663.026690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.472573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.150532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12347438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12347438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12347438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12347438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12347438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12347438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7103675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7103675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7103675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7103675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7103675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7103675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12347486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12347486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12347486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12347486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12347486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12347486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147993.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147993.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147993.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147993.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147993.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147993.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5571779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5571779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5571779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159193.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159193.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159193.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159193.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159193.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159193.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224721564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4043.791190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.836190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.163810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.792329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.207671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18139002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18139002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3496530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21635532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21635532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21635532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21635532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       191541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       191892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       191892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       191892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       191892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21744527131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21744527131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30810743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30810743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21775337874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21775337874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21775337874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21775337874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18330543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18330543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3496881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21827424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21827424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21827424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21827424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113524.139119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113524.139119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87779.894587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87779.894587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113477.048934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113477.048934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113477.048934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113477.048934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       136297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       136576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       136576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5750300893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5750300893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4809676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5755110569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5755110569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5755110569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5755110569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104089.148016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104089.148016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66801.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66801.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104040.613367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104040.613367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104040.613367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104040.613367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.444294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012174900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939032.375479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.444294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12166808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12166808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12166808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12166808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12166808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12166808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8124974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8124974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8124974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8124974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8124974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8124974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12166858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12166858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12166858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12166858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12166858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12166858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162499.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162499.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162499.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162499.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162499.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162499.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6448729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6448729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6448729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6448729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6448729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6448729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161218.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161218.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161218.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161218.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161218.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161218.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                56204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172672204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                56460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3058.310379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.810561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.189439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8585248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8585248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7268263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7268263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16725                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16725                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15853511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15853511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15853511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15853511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       191946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       195746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       195746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       195746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       195746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24984055348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24984055348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    473990345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473990345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25458045693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25458045693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25458045693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25458045693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8777194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8777194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7272063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16725                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16725                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16049257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16049257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16049257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16049257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130161.896304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130161.896304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124734.301316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124734.301316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130056.530877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130056.530877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130056.530877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130056.530877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           19419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5882646595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5882646595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11126297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11126297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5893772892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5893772892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5893772892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5893772892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104962.915425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104962.915425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69976.710692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69976.710692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104863.940147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104863.940147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104863.940147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104863.940147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              558.579808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              931040377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1659608.515152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.546702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.033106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12343194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12343194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12343194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12343194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12343194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12343194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6556570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6556570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6556570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6556570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6556570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6556570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12343236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12343236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12343236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12343236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12343236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12343236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156108.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156108.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156108.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156108.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156108.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156108.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5543113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5543113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5543113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5543113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5543113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5543113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163032.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163032.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163032.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163032.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163032.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163032.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                55295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              224722892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                55551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4045.343774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   203.383499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    52.616501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.794467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.205533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18140314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18140314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3496546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21636860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       21636860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21636860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      21636860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       191524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       191867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       191867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       191867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       191867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21834922351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21834922351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     29845843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29845843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21864768194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21864768194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21864768194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21864768194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18331838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18331838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3496889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8206                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8206                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21828727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21828727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21828727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21828727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114006.194268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114006.194268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87014.119534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87014.119534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113957.940626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113957.940626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113957.940626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113957.940626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       136300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       136572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       136572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5778893544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5778893544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4716656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4716656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5783610200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5783610200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5783610200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5783610200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104644.602781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104644.602781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66431.774648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66431.774648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104595.536667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104595.536667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104595.536667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104595.536667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              492.357071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1014241950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2057285.902637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.357071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12452992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12452992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12452992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12452992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12452992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12452992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7592737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7592737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7592737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7592737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7592737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7592737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12453039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12453039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12453039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12453039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12453039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12453039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161547.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161547.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161547.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161547.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161547.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161547.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6117420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6117420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6117420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6117420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6117420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6117420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160984.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160984.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160984.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160984.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160984.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160984.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              164386716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                37153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4424.587947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.473050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.526950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9932821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9932821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7379842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7379842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17312663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17312663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17312663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17312663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        94699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        96779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        96779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        96779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        96779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10266356681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10266356681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    138954503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138954503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10405311184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10405311184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10405311184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10405311184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10027520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10027520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7381922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7381922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17409442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17409442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17409442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17409442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108410.402232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.402232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66805.049519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66805.049519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107516.208930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107516.208930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107516.208930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107516.208930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       234068                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 26007.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        59882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        59882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3661207237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3661207237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15867706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15867706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3677074943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677074943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3677074943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677074943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99793.045056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99793.045056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75922.038278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75922.038278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99657.829715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99657.829715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99657.829715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99657.829715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.562147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014242541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2065667.089613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.562147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12453583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12453583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12453583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12453583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12453583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12453583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7311960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7311960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7311960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7311960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7311960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7311960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12453628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12453628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12453628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12453628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12453628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12453628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       162488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       162488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       162488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5956163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5956163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5956163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5956163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5956163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5956163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165448.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165448.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165448.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36859                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              164389357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4429.189196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.472038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.527962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9933076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9933076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7382097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7382097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17315173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17315173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17315173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17315173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        94684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        96795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        96795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        96795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        96795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10259704930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10259704930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    140386398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    140386398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10400091328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10400091328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10400091328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10400091328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10027760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10027760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7384208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7384208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17411968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17411968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17411968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17411968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108357.324680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108357.324680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66502.320227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66502.320227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107444.509820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107444.509820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107444.509820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107444.509820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       315892                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 45127.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        59936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        59936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3645189107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3645189107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16081063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16081063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3661270170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3661270170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3661270170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3661270170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99464.885041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99464.885041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76213.568720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76213.568720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99331.782468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99331.782468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99331.782468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99331.782468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              527.911967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1016759622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1922040.873346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.911967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12301577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12301577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12301577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12301577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12301577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12301577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8307918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8307918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8307918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8307918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8307918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8307918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12301629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12301629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12301629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12301629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12301629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12301629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159767.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159767.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159767.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159767.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159767.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159767.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6479888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6479888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6479888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6479888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6479888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6479888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166150.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166150.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166150.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166150.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166150.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166150.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                72508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              181306703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                72764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2491.708853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.169756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.830244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8537148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8537148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7073270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7073270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15610418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15610418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15610418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15610418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       183310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       184129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       184129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22444643294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22444643294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     70725698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70725698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22515368992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22515368992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22515368992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22515368992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8720458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8720458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7074089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7074089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15794547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15794547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15794547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15794547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122440.910447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122440.910447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86356.163614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86356.163614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122280.406628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122280.406628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122280.406628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122280.406628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       110937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       111621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       111621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8009291302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8009291302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9143401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9143401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8018434703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8018434703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8018434703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8018434703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110666.841253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110666.841253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67728.896296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67728.896296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110586.896660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110586.896660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110586.896660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110586.896660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              527.931433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1016762915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1922047.098299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.931433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12304870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12304870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12304870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12304870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12304870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12304870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8095477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8095477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8095477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8095477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8095477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8095477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12304919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12304919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12304919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12304919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12304919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12304919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165213.816327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165213.816327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165213.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165213.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165213.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165213.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6524199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6524199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6524199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167287.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167287.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167287.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167287.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167287.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167287.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                72488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              181306622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                72744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2492.392802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.167048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.832952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8537474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8537474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7072822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7072822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15610296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15610296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15610296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15610296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       183886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          820                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          820                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       184706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       184706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       184706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       184706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22517813169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22517813169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70429505                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70429505                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22588242674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22588242674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22588242674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22588242674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8721360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8721360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7073642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7073642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15795002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15795002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15795002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15795002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122455.288434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122455.288434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85889.640244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85889.640244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122292.955692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122292.955692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122292.955692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122292.955692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7982852092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7982852092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9061520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9061520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7991913612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7991913612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7991913612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7991913612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110332.012384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110332.012384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67122.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67122.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110251.539731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110251.539731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110251.539731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110251.539731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.254508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011048762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1951831.586873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.254508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12352927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12352927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12352927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12352927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12352927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12352927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10900592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10900592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10900592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10900592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10900592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10900592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12352981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12352981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12352981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12352981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12352981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12352981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 201862.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201862.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 201862.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201862.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 201862.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201862.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9253357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9253357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9253357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9253357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9253357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9253357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215194.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215194.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215194.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215194.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 215194.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215194.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                41486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166594357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3991.048752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.362003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.637997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8504897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8504897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7158077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15662974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15662974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15662974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15662974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       132840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       133705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       133705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       133705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       133705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16502230519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16502230519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     74216240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74216240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16576446759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16576446759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16576446759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16576446759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8637737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8637737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7158942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15796679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15796679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15796679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15796679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124226.366448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124226.366448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85799.121387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85799.121387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123977.762679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123977.762679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123977.762679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123977.762679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        91503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4326490979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4326490979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9904634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9904634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4336395613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4336395613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4336395613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4336395613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104663.884147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104663.884147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66474.053691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66474.053691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104526.722581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104526.722581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104526.722581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104526.722581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.233894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931043987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1656661.898577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.083436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.150458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.053018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12346804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12346804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12346804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12346804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12346804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12346804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6988176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6988176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6988176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6988176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6988176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6988176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12346849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12346849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12346849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12346849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12346849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12346849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155292.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155292.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5719591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5719591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5719591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5719591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5719591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5719591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163416.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163416.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163416.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163416.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163416.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163416.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224718749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4045.633331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.835767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.164233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.792327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.207673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18136675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18136675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3496055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8260                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8260                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21632730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21632730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21632730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21632730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       191750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       191750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21761579956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21761579956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32000213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32000213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21793580169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21793580169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21793580169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21793580169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18328058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18328058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3496422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8260                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8260                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21824480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21824480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21824480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21824480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113706.964339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113706.964339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87194.040872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87194.040872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113656.219917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113656.219917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113656.219917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113656.219917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       136167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       136460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       136460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5760987390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5760987390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4880845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4880845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5765868235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5765868235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5765868235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5765868235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104335.471421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104335.471421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65957.364865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65957.364865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104284.106258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104284.106258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104284.106258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104284.106258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.796647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1016761910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1918418.698113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.796647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12303865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12303865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12303865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12303865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12303865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12303865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7792426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7792426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7792426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7792426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7792426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7792426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12303912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12303912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12303912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12303912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12303912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12303912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165796.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165796.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165796.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165796.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165796.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165796.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6562212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6562212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6562212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6562212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6562212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6562212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164055.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164055.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164055.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164055.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164055.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164055.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                72515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              181304785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                72771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2491.442814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.168043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.831957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8537075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8537075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7071438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7071438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15608513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15608513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15608513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15608513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       184572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       184572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       184572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       184572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22500841792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22500841792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     71111181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71111181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22571952973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22571952973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22571952973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22571952973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8720842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8720842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7072243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7072243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15793085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15793085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15793085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15793085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122442.232784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122442.232784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88336.870807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88336.870807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122293.484239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122293.484239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122293.484239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122293.484239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       111386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        72381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        72515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        72515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7994814850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7994814850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9247228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9247228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8004062078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8004062078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8004062078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8004062078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110454.606181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110454.606181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69009.164179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69009.164179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110378.019417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110378.019417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110378.019417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110378.019417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
