
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001032                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1032469899                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398760821154                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 309470                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398184                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26907                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38372.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11875005486                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279120174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        75776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        76416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        76928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               799488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           32768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       345216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            345216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3347313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     14505023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     73392939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1735644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     49961747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1735644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     50085722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1859618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22563370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1735644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     49961747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     74384735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25662734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3347313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19464006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     73888837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25042861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3223339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15248871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1735644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     49961747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     74012811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1611669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     74508710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1735644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     49961747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               774345093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3347313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1735644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1735644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1859618                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1735644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3347313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3223339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1735644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1611669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1735644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           31737487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         334359385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              334359385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         334359385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3347313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     14505023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     73392939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1735644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     49961747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1735644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     50085722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1859618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22563370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1735644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     49961747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     74384735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25662734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3347313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19464006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     73888837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25042861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3223339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15248871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1735644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     49961747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     74012811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1611669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     74508710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1735644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     49961747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1108704478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21853                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84822                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23690                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944673                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1230991                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              255899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        61884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122128                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2301970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2046071     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15479      0.67%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19906      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31301      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12569      0.55%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16824      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19516      0.85%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9101      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131203      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2301970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1933219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        74707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1503596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1935646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        63473                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1493614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2087277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6941484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6941484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         368425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72352                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          808                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2301970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1714943     74.50%     74.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266640     11.58%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110186      4.79%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61511      2.67%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82661      3.59%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26036      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25469      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13410      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1114      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2301970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9728     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1342     10.89%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169284     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18829      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127702      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71980      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.560579                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5092005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1651361                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29455                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4093                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72352                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197066                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.550390                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350204                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          808716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545315                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21826                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2262674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1740616     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265026     11.71%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95901      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47671      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43740      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18461      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18181      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8711      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24367      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2262674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24367                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2954353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                173978                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.475936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.475936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.403888                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.403888                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6128788                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1888793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1389381                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         192695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157308                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73094                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          879                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1865317                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1139851                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            192695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              233618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         63709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        60891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          116446                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20376                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2202485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1968867     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12278      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19364      0.88%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          29472      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12339      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14421      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15247      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10719      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         119778      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2202485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1842239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        84634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          231911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        42342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1381795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        42342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1846877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         41249                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        29359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          228745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1378688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          968                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1886709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6426587                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6426587                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1554878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         331791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           41426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       139289                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77051                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1281379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1884                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       211919                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       489688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2202485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1657206     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220796     10.02%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122134      5.55%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80303      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73566      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22820      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16240      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5758      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3662      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2202485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           355     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1317     41.73%     52.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1484     47.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055508     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23634      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126566      9.88%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75530      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1281379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.517531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3156                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002463                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4770283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29218                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        42342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         31069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1374151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139289                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77051                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10879                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12687                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119854                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             195255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            75401                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.510025                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1258175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1258088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          745015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1891218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.508124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.393934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239185                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20686                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1700005     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218916     10.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90943      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46684      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34907      1.62%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19758      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12223      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10218      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26489      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       931576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1136048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               182119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              110067                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           157746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1027125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22165                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3508887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2792846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                273463                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            931576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1136048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       931576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.657806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.657806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.376250                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.376250                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5731371                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1719922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1308833                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192055                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84783                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1206380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192055                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        52166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          117764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11828                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2335387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2097305     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8486      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17399      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7069      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          38882      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34896      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6625      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14075      0.60%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110650      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2335387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.487240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2006956                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        64916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          236992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          817                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        16958                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1414600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2009685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         43427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        14156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235190                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1412380                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          259                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1666745                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6647343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6647343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1437867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         228872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       329882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       165524                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407072                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1063                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131969                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2335387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858382     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143441      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117219      5.02%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50583      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64318      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61797      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35034      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2922      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1691      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2335387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3386     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26123     86.16%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          810      2.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844512     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11636      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319032     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164811     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541236                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022625                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         39615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165524                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1239                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6210                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317788                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             482558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         173609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           164770                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.536854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1326573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1326428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          718030                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1420530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.535725                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067062                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153279                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854132     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166778      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77899      3.37%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76990      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20780      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89458      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7076      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4899      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11675      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1067062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1254105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               476712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              312970                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           165518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1115333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        11675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3705396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2840485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                140561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1067062                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1254105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1067062                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.320341                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.320341                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.430971                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.430971                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6563190                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1545650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1674174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192107                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66548                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10507                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          551                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1206700                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192107                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        77055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              237973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         38053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        53770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          117737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2098838     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8397      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17343      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           7120      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          38754      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          34941      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6418      0.27%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          14211      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110789      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2336811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.487369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2007025                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        66388                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          236944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        25651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        16987                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1415266                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        25651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2009758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         45333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        13987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          235153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6923                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1413490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           38                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1668481                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6652473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6652473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1438979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         229493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           19836                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       329943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       165406                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1560                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8105                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408403                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859969     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142970      6.12%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117308      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50643      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64427      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61704      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35117      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2940      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1733      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3433     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26144     86.06%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          801      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845305     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11686      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319056     23.79%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164762     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541566                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30378                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5049952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541930                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1327089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        25651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         41783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408574                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165406                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        13679                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329872                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             482512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         173733                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           164732                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.537116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1327213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1327089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          718468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1422082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.535992                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505223                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855318     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166888      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78028      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77095      3.34%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20654      0.89%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89422      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7112      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4874      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11769      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1067706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1254897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               476821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              313040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           165634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1116041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3708056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2842999                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 45748                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                139137                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1067706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1254897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1067706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.318942                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.318942                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.431231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.431231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6565649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1546852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1674418                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         200522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21431                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1146897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            200522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        97000                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              250810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        59508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          120065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2022275     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          26411      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30922      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17175      0.76%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19489      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11045      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7561      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          19921      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118286      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2273085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080988                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.463215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1907381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248726                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        32568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1399713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1880                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1910665                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        53287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          247360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8647                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1398159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1945550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6509129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6509129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1631345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         314205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25009                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       133885                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        71896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15798                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1853                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443994                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722469     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220917      9.72%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118759      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82164      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72395      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37118      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8929      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5975      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4359      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1364     45.05%     56.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1321     43.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097466     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20464      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120922      9.23%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71357      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310368                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.529239                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4898702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313396                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          9756                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1395281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133885                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          698                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             184513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179374                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71333                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.520820                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1286792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1286722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          766177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2008427                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.519689                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381481                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957691                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754006     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222593      9.96%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93300      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55609      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38755      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25091      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13319      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10358      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20754      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       957691                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1174947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               177793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              107959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           168095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1059333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        20754                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3608316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2829874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 31420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                202863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            957691                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1174947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       957691                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.585331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.585331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.386798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.386798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5815681                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1788987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1304427                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         192083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71415                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          551                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1206305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            192083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        77172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         38100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        52338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          117823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2099145     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8397      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17246      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           6971      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          38827      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          34925      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6588      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          14247      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110543      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2336889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.487209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2008551                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        65187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          236723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        25626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        16950                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1414173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        25626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2011294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         44263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          234917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1412369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         2780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           50                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1667229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6647629                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6647629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1439839                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         227390                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           19953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       329586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       165493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1341442                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       319966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859733     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143173      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117253      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50766      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64426      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61771      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35186      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2858      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1723      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3382     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26106     86.20%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          798      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845815     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11718      0.87%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318989     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164840     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1341442                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022577                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5050949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1538809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1327655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        25626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         40664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1823                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        13825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             482531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         173824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           164801                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.537293                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1327782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1327655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          718814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1422809                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.536221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        12020                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855282     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166904      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78118      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76935      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20792      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89486      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7049      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4890      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11807      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1068211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1255523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               476916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              313098                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           165716                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1116612                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        11807                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3707250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2841226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 45825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                139059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1068211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1255523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1068211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.317845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.317845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.431435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.431435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6568012                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1547929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1674156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20311                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78962                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1865079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1138571                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        92439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              233686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        60531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          116471                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2201630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1967944     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12274      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19602      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          29630      1.35%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12292      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14389      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15249      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10698      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119552      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2201630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1842221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        84062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          231956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        42017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31108                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          320                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1380398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        42017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1846887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         41055                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        28708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          228797                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        14163                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1377227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1139                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1885461                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6419323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6419323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1556130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         329331                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           41419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       139102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        76870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1372365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1281542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       209900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2201630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1656068     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221001     10.04%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122194      5.55%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80473      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73471      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22755      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16303      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5663      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3702      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2201630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           361     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1319     41.73%     53.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1481     46.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055603     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23616      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126731      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75451      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1281542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.517596                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3161                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002467                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4769778                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1582621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6095                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28974                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1029                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        42017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         30513                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1540                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1372660                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23515                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             195282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         171234                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            75315                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.510029                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1258248                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1258146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          745100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1890464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.508147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2159613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1699322     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219075     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90773      4.20%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46745      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34802      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19834      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12282      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10305      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26475      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2159613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       932307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1136861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               182225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              110128                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           157823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1027874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3506973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2789696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 33270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                274318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            932307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1136861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       932307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.655722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.655722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.376545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.376545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5731370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1720280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1307646                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         192775                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17359                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114892                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1093143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            192775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       127465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              240845                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         56574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        30043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121104                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2280049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2039204     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          33788      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20015      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          33302      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12312      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          30525      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5508      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9900      0.43%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          95495      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2280049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077859                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.441505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1953331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        47460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          240187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        38762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        20268                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1237650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        38762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1955508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         24790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        16302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          238145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1235122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1637597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5621790                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5621790                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1293377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         344180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           17334                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       208026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        39116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226322                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136633                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1182                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242682                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       513887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2280049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786209     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161706      7.09%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155011      6.80%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93107      4.08%     96.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52721      2.31%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14149      0.62%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16407      0.72%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          399      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          340      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2280049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2265     59.46%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          846     22.21%     81.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          698     18.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900606     79.23%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9722      0.86%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187581     16.50%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38636      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136633                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.459070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3809                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003351                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4558306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104759                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47030                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1374                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        38762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         18139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        18514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             222740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         167991                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            38626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.452132                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1105261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1104759                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          665706                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1512705                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.446196                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.440077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       860407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       981061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        17085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2241287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1869103     83.39%     83.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150688      6.72%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91933      4.10%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30220      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47197      2.11%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10258      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6708      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5919      0.26%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29261      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2241287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       860407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       981061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               198728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              160986                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           149271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          861162                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        29261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3438533                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2491831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 44654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                195899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            860407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              981061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       860407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.877647                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.877647                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.347506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.347506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5177089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1456198                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1286737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         203819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21720                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          966                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952456                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1139202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            203819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        98210                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              236172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         60142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        46104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          121125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21571                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2036737     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          10910      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16979      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          22703      1.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          24406      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          20678      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11022      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17251      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         112223      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2272909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460107                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1932719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        66277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          235589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1395468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1938417                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13876                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        39790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          230265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1394437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1946754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6480851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6480851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1656001                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         290753                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           39281                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       131125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        32303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1705844     75.05%     75.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242981     10.69%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120593      5.31%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81962      3.61%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65607      2.89%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27768      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17754      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9121      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1279      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          876     36.93%     49.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     50.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104242     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19459      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118643      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69417      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001808                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4899396                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1564119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2753                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         11170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1392239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          922                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292123                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             180992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         183223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69405                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521870                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1290121                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1290043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          741680                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1997798                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521030                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       965161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204616                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2234964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736667     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252400     11.29%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90085      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43252      1.94%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43398      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21573      0.97%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14282      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8302      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25005      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2234964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       965161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1187629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               176044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              107601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           171231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1070071                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        24461                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        25005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3602191                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2822440                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                203039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            965161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1187629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       965161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.565321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.565321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.389815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.389815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5812380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1799138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1293332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20496                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73198                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19209                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1865849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1138768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        92407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              233747                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        59776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          116669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2202230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1968483     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          12297      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19571      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          29431      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12387      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          14568      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          15206      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10630      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         119657      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2202230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1842928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        83354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          232093                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        42543                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1381162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        42543                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1847463                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         40549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        28741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          228971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        13960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1378059                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1177                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1886097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6423837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6423837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1552693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         333395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           40683                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       139575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        76970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          291                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1280838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       213002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       491236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2202230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1657262     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220865     10.03%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121706      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80295      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73647      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22850      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16099      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5804      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3702      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2202230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           366     11.75%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1271     40.82%     52.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1477     47.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055116     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23547      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126676      9.89%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75358      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1280838                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.517312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002431                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4768995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586652                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1283952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29787                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5120                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1022                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        42543                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         30079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          912                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119812                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             195024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         171019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            75212                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.509705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1257284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1257185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          744187                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1889722                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.507759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.393808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1134146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20854                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2159687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1700193     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218680     10.13%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90808      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46663      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34708      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19777      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12263      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10194      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26401      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2159687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       929907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1134146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               181635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              109785                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           157553                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1025347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        22137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3507954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2791895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 33366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                273718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            929907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1134146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       929907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.662576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.662576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.375576                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.375576                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5727313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1719107                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1307422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          573                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1972102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1092367                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       127590                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              240835                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         57086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        27692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2280038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2039203     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          33785      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20162      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33203      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12349      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          30447      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5551      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9942      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          95396      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2280038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.441191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1956376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        44130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          240168                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        20350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1237191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1958471                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         23620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        14510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          238202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1234732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1637563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5620572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5620572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1291378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         346185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           16658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       207662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        39034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135785                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1163                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2280038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786513     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161818      7.10%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154685      6.78%     92.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92934      4.08%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52809      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14201      0.62%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16331      0.72%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          408      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          339      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2280038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2274     59.73%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          838     22.01%     81.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695     18.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900387     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9710      0.85%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187033     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38567      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135785                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.458727                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3807                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003352                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4556578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          800                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8284                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117990                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             221963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         167657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            38559                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.451540                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1103789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1103347                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          664698                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1512750                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.445626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.439397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       979370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        17309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2240989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1869266     83.41%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150791      6.73%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91607      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30132      1.34%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47102      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10260      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6710      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5967      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29154      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2240989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       858716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       979370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               198229                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              160487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           148987                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          859755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        29154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3437829                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2491060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                195910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            858716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              979370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       858716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.883314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.883314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5169305                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1454616                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1285236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         224569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80004                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          980                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944394                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1231714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            224569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       103783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              256066                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         61458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        61452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          122027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2301393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2045327     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          15498      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19680      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          31407      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12662      0.55%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          16795      0.73%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          19564      0.85%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9164      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         131296      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2301393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1933083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        74126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          254801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        34119                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1505179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1935449                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          5401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        63004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          252533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1495260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2088985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6949650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1720637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         368348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       141589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        72501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389434                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1798                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2301393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713942     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266633     11.59%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110224      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61662      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82919      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26040      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25412      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13469      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1092      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2301393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9709     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1352     10.98%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170206     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18867      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128084      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72107      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389434                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.561173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5094375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29771                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1537                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24744                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364336                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             197532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         192545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            72068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.551036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1351561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1351526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          809641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2175506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2262131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739673     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265143     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96006      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47661      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43850      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18492      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18186      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8709      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24411      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2262131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1001032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1233365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               182782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              111818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           178835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1110324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        25444                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3696760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2957375                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                174555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1001032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1233365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1001032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.473395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.473395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.404303                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.404303                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6135763                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1890466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1390292                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         192218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78049                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66618                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10390                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1206906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            192218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77008                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              237828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         38662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        49801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          117888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2095428     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8329      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17317      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7028      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          38831      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          34947      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6496      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14192      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         110688      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2333256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077634                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.487452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2007060                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        62578                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          236790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        26035                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        16935                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1414670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        26035                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2009894                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         42021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          234873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7266                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1412701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         2817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          111                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1667425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6647785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6647785                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1435299                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         232126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           20595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       329617                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       165234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133619                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329585                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857020     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142964      6.13%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117072      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50251      2.15%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64465      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61735      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35100      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2927      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3361     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26132     86.28%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          795      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844205     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11653      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318717     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164606     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30288                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022615                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5043030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541298                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        26035                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         38510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329617                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1203                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13916                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317372                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             481947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         173418                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           164575                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.536439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1325598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1325464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          717047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1418630                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.535336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1065586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1252289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852397     80.29%     80.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166419      7.21%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77875      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76886      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20682      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89362      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7008      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4860      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11732      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1065586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1252289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               476459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              312817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           165253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1113708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        11732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3703279                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2841622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45890                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                142692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1065586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1252289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1065586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.323555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.323555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.430375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.430375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6557845                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1545066                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1674184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157052                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73249                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19147                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          884                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1865756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1139698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        92396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              233827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         63369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        61712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          116518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2203664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1969837     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12267      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19650      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          29395      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12425      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14502      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15252      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10709      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         119627      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2203664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1842452                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        85675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          232171                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        42053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1381653                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        42053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1847007                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         39962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        31330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          229045                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        14264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1378577                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1509                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1886847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6426062                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6426062                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1556315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         330526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          156                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       139272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        77013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14814                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373662                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          298                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2203664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1657624     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221061     10.03%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122380      5.55%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80746      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73378      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22941      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16161      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5709      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3664      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2203664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           363     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1292     41.38%     53.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1467     46.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056383     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23683      1.85%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126795      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75514      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282517                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.517990                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002434                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4773725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1584346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259243                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4894                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1013                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        42053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         29593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          864                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10893                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23523                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             195495                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         171422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75376                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.510497                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1259339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1259243                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          745846                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1891204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.508590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1700821     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219325     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91084      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46838      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34745      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19845      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12270      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10283      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26400      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       932430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1137013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               182257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              110138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           157842                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1028016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3510328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2792300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 33163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                272284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            932430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1137013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       932430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.655371                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.655371                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.376595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.376595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5736727                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1721691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1308923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         192726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157225                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20317                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          891                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1140526                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            192726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        92629                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              234211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         63635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        61356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          116621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20381                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2205447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1971236     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          12377      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19730      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          29549      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12366      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          14442      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15144      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10646      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         119957      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2205447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1843724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        85609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          232511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        42266                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          321                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1383228                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        42266                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1848429                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        30291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          229261                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        14092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1380114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1053                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1888849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6434254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6434254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1557831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         331018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           41747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       139828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        77232                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3813                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14835                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1283502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       211161                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       487103                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2205447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1659123     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221387     10.04%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122272      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80540      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73505      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22894      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16310      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5727      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3689      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2205447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           357     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1306     41.50%     52.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1484     47.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056871     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23662      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127130      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75697      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1283502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.518388                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4777501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1286649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1016                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        42266                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         30045                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375389                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77232                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11035                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        23553                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1264691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120288                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             195847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         171348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            75559                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.510791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1260027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1259921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          746073                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1893067                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.508864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1138136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20686                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1702253     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219362     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91118      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46631      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34885      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19823      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12289      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10304      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26516      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       933345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1138136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182445                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              110251                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           158007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1029016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        22195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26516                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3513247                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2795438                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 33281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                270501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            933345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1138136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       933345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.652768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.652768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.376965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.376965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5740518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1722370                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1310034                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2475948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         192819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66815                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019327                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1209363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            192819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77258                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              238562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        52599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          117769                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2098015     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8463      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17562      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7140      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          38820      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          34930      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6469      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14096      0.60%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111082      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2336577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2007188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        65170                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          237532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        25883                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1417853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        25883                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2009888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         44661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13444                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          235749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1415909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         2720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           52                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1672107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6662531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6662531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1439812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         232268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           19626                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       330016                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       165441                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1554                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410785                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       330311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859284     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143029      6.12%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117458      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50691      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64479      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61880      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34995      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3037      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1724      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3419     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26131     86.14%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          787      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846653     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11736      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319060     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164826     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022600                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5052610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        25883                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         41104                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330016                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165441                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1241                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331410                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317787                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             482574                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         173970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           164787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.537737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1328787                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1328659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          719578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1424749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.536626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        11988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854784     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166836      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77946      3.37%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77171      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20765      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89448      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7055      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4874      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11815      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1068197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1255509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               476916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              313098                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           165712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1116602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        11815                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3709936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2848019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                139371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1068197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1255509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1068197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.317876                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.317876                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.431429                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.431429                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6572580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1549202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1677166                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           6251                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32740.629069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           686065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          38986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.597727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1432.574739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.292479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    55.210314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.545757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   259.699863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.542838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.132428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.543798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   201.177636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.604347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    88.070223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.544821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.318198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.545888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   265.039180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.307104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   112.044819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.407719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    81.018980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.546977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   268.181308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.307017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   109.751198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.876172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    59.896631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.369468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.395659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.544768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   263.913694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.547808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   261.731040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.544492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.976240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           968.830243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2305.986839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1826.315873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1846.560767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1446.465097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1816.389700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2253.276161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1614.333936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1151.355583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2235.225074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1675.424826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           939.125732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1818.989852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2267.436123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2257.653985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1824.055673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.043719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.007925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.006169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.006113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.008088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.008184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.006116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.007987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.029566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.070373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.055735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.056353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.044143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.055432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.068765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.049266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.068214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.051130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.028660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.055511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.069197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.068898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.055666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4379417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17747872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2035469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82612433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2329532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61819682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2293475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62570500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2274031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27762134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2222515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61132949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2047483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     83703253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1875109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31500765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4016922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23586524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1984357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83226497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2033944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29990790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4057961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18271083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2156461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61275973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1924409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     82154330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1838716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83318334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2298488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61639434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       912080842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7159758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7536006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7380206                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8587971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7768493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      38432434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4379417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17747872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2035469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     89772191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2329532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61819682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2293475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62570500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2274031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27762134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2222515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61132949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2047483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     91239259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1875109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31500765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4016922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23586524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1984357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     90606703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2033944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29990790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4057961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18271083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2156461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61275973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1924409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90742301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1838716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91086827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2298488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61639434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        950513276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4379417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17747872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2035469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     89772191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2329532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61819682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2293475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62570500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2274031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27762134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2222515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61132949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2047483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     91239259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1875109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31500765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4016922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23586524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1984357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     90606703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2033944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29990790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4057961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18271083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2156461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61275973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1924409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90742301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1838716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91086827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2298488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61639434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       950513276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.551165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.510773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.511421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.559512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.557026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.411405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.551373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.553320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.510773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.513099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.965649                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.571981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.510773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.511421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.578080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.411405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.575145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.575120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.510773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.523028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.571981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.510773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.511421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.578080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.411405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.575145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.575120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.510773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.523028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162200.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151691.213675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156574.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151861.090074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166395.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153398.714640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163819.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 154877.475248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151602.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152539.197802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158751.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151694.662531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157498.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152187.732727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 144239.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152177.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148774.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150232.636943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152642.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152150.817185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156457.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148469.257426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156075.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148545.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154032.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152049.560794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148031.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151576.254613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 141439.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151487.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164177.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152951.449132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152191.029868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149161.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150720.120000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150616.448980                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 156144.927273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152323.392157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151906.853755                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162200.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151691.213675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156574.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151642.214527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166395.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153398.714640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163819.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 154877.475248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151602.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152539.197802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158751.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151694.662531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157498.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152065.431667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 144239.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152177.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148774.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150232.636943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152642.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152024.669463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156457.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148469.257426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156075.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148545.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154032.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152049.560794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148031.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151997.154104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 141439.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151558.780366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164177.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152951.449132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152179.519052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162200.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151691.213675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156574.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151642.214527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166395.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153398.714640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163819.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 154877.475248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151602.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152539.197802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158751.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151694.662531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157498.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152065.431667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 144239.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152177.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148774.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150232.636943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152642.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152024.669463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156457.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148469.257426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156075.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148545.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154032.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152049.560794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148031.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151997.154104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 141439.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151558.780366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164177.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152951.449132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152179.519052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2697                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2697                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2811721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10938766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1280842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50973192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1516873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     38374039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1481972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     39085366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1398506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17156819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1408371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1292834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51718174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1119853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19440298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2445360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14442512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1230550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51404259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18228736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2544456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11111376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1341602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37829949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1170873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50631057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1081902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     51345233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1484305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38218750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563482396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4364500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4628274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4523965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5393523                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4804775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23715037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2811721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10938766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1280842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55337692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1516873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     38374039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1481972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     39085366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1398506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17156819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1408371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1292834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56346448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1119853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19440298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2445360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14442512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1230550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     55928224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18228736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2544456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11111376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1341602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37829949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1170873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56024580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1081902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56150008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1484305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38218750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587197433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2811721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10938766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1280842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55337692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1516873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     38374039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1481972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     39085366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1398506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17156819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1408371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1292834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56346448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1119853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19440298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2445360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14442512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1230550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     55928224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18228736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2544456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11111376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1341602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37829949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1170873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56024580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1081902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56150008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1484305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38218750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587197433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.551165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.510773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.511421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.559512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.557026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.411405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.551373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.553320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.510773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.513099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.571981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.510773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.511421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.578080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.411405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.575145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.575120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.510773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.523028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.571981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.510773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.511421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.388614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.578080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.411405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.575145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.575120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.510773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.523028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104137.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93493.726496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98526.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93700.720588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 108348.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95220.940447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105855.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96745.955446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93233.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94268.236264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100597.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93545.439206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99448.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94033.043636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 86142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93914.483092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90568.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91990.522293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94657.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93974.879342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98079.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90241.267327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97863.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90336.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95828.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93870.841191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90067.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93415.234317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 83223.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93354.969091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 106021.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94835.607940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94023.426664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90927.083333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92565.480000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92325.816327                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98064.054545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94211.274510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93735.324111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104137.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93493.726496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98526.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93475.831081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 108348.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95220.940447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105855.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96745.955446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93233.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94268.236264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100597.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93545.439206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99448.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93910.746667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 86142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93914.483092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90568.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91990.522293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94657.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93839.302013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98079.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90241.267327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97863.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90336.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95828.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93870.841191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90067.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93843.517588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 83223.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93427.633943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 106021.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94835.607940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94011.756804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104137.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93493.726496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98526.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93475.831081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 108348.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95220.940447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105855.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96745.955446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93233.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94268.236264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100597.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93545.439206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99448.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93910.746667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 86142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93914.483092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90568.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91990.522293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94657.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93839.302013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98079.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90241.267327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97863.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90336.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95828.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93870.841191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90067.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93843.517588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 83223.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93427.633943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 106021.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94835.607940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94011.756804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.116105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750130056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.487603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.116105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6247903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6247903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6247903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6247903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6247903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6247903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160202.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160202.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160202.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160202.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160202.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160202.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4937611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4937611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4937611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4937611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4937611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4937611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170262.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170262.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170262.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170262.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170262.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170262.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.542571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.135107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.864893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92493043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92493043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       993839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     93486882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93486882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     93486882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93486882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        96957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109329.838061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109329.838061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82819.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82819.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108959.069930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108959.069930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108959.069930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108959.069930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34677648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34677648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34886127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34886127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34886127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34886127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101993.082353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101993.082353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101708.825073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101708.825073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101708.825073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101708.825073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.544982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750408880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494838.406375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.544982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         116430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        116430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2450424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2450424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2450424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2450424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2450424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2450424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       116446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       116446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153151.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153151.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153151.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153151.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153151.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153151.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2200160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2200160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2200160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2200160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2200160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2200160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169243.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169243.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169243.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169243.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169243.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169243.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125071003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             96879.165763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   183.612191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    72.387809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.717235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.282765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        71313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         159245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        159245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    320353938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320353938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63866614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63866614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    384220552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    384220552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    384220552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    384220552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 137196.547323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137196.547323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 175941.085399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175941.085399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 142409.396590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142409.396590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 142409.396590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142409.396590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121477159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121477159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7702859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7702859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    129180018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129180018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    129180018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129180018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122952.590081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122952.590081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160476.229167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160476.229167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124691.137066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124691.137066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124691.137066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124691.137066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.541937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765693765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374674.622980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.541937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2915855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2915855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2915855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2915855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2915855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2915855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       117764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       117764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       117764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       117764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       117764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182240.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182240.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182240.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182240.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182240.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182240.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2568770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2568770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2568770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183483.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183483.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183483.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183483.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183483.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183483.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287983306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             275582.111005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   102.383540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   153.616460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.399936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.600064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       299889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       163581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       463470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         463470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       463470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        463470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    363808738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    363808738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    363808738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    363808738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    363808738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363808738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       302724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       163581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       466305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       466305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128327.597178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128327.597178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128327.597178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128327.597178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128327.597178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128327.597178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94706541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94706541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94706541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94706541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94706541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94706541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120033.638783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120033.638783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120033.638783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120033.638783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120033.638783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120033.638783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.542934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765693738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1374674.574506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.542934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         117721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        117721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2885167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2885167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2885167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2885167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2885167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2885167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       117737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       117737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180322.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180322.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180322.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180322.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180322.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180322.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2511214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2511214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2511214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2511214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2511214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2511214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179372.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179372.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179372.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179372.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179372.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179372.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287983348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             276110.592522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   102.347846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   153.652154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.399796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.600204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       299892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         463512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        463512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    370087233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    370087233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    370087233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    370087233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    370087233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    370087233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       302729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       163620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130450.205499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130450.205499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130450.205499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130450.205499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130450.205499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130450.205499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96679313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96679313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96679313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96679313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96679313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96679313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122845.378653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122845.378653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122845.378653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122845.378653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122845.378653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122845.378653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              496.618361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              747247323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1503515.740443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.618361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         120046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        120046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3063887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3063887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3063887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3063887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3063887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3063887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       120065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       120065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161257.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161257.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161257.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161257.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161257.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161257.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2408144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2408144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2408144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160542.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160542.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160542.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160542.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160542.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160542.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              117749277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             158691.747978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   160.120343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    95.879657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.625470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.374530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         152231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        152231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    207405261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207405261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6506169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6506169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    213911430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213911430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    213911430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213911430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        84483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123235.449198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123235.449198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95678.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95678.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122165.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122165.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122165.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122165.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50411058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50411058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50411058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50411058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50411058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50411058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103726.456790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103726.456790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103726.456790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103726.456790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103726.456790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103726.456790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.543932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765693824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1374674.728905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.543932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         117807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        117807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2806051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2806051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2806051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2806051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2806051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2806051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       117823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       117823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175378.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175378.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175378.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175378.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175378.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175378.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2448671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2448671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2448671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2448671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2448671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2448671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174905.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174905.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174905.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174905.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174905.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174905.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287983248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             275846.022989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   102.242012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   153.757988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.399383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.600617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       299757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       463414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         463414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       463414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        463414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    359075546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359075546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    359075546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359075546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    359075546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359075546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       302615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       163657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       466272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       466272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125638.749475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125638.749475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125638.749475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125638.749475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125638.749475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125638.749475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94348902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94348902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94348902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94348902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94348902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94348902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119732.109137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119732.109137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119732.109137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119732.109137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119732.109137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119732.109137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.545139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750408906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494838.458167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.545139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         116456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        116456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2425413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2425413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2425413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2425413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2425413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2425413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       116471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       116471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161694.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161694.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161694.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161694.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161694.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161694.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2173902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2173902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2173902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2173902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2173902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2173902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167223.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167223.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167223.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167223.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167223.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167223.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125071121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             97029.574088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.500928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.499072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.716800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.283200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        71342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    318074788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318074788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67264476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67264476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    385339264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    385339264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    385339264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    385339264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        90345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       162064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       162064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.025779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136571.398884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136571.398884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 178420.360743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178420.360743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 142401.797487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142401.797487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 142401.797487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142401.797487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    121510768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121510768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8104132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8104132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    129614900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129614900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    129614900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129614900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123612.174975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123612.174975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162082.640000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162082.640000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125474.249758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125474.249758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125474.249758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125474.249758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              538.306373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              643368126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1193632.886827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.306373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2196975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2196975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2196975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2196975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2196975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2196975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156926.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156926.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156926.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156926.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156926.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156926.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1983609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1983609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1983609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1983609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1983609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1983609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152585.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152585.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152585.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152585.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152585.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152585.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              150643444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             201126.093458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   144.908139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   111.091861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.566047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.433953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       165768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         203336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        203336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    197323204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    197323204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    197323204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197323204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    197323204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197323204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113927.946882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113927.946882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113927.946882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113927.946882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113927.946882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113927.946882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53790011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53790011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53790011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53790011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53790011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53790011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109107.527383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109107.527383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109107.527383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109107.527383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109107.527383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109107.527383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              502.391601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              746682631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1484458.510934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.391601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.043897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         121093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        121093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5111390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5111390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5111390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5111390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5111390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5111390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       121125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       121125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159730.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159730.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159730.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159730.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159730.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159730.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4505862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4505862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4505862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160923.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160923.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160923.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160923.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160923.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160923.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              112794240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             170900.363636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   158.675990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    97.324010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.619828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.380172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        81699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        68110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       149809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         149809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       149809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        149809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    160804917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160804917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1155226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    161960143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    161960143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    161960143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    161960143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        68124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124269.642195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124269.642195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82516.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82516.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123822.739297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123822.739297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123822.739297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123822.739297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42209403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42209403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42401997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42401997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42401997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42401997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105260.356608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105260.356608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104955.438119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104955.438119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104955.438119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104955.438119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.546228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750409104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494838.852590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.546228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         116654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        116654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2358618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2358618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2358618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2358618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2358618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2358618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       116669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       116669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157241.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157241.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157241.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157241.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157241.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157241.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2113086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2113086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2113086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2113086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2113086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2113086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162545.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162545.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162545.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162545.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162545.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162545.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125070737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             97180.059829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.009743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.990257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.718788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.281212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        87875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         158979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        158979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    319620658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319620658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66537678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66537678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386158336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    386158336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386158336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    386158336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 136590.024786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136590.024786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 179831.562162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179831.562162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 142493.850923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142493.850923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 142493.850923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142493.850923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120410738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120410738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7913913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7913913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    128324651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128324651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    128324651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128324651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122617.859470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122617.859470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161508.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161508.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124466.198836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124466.198836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124466.198836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124466.198836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.306258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643368377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1193633.352505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.306258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2408513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2408513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2408513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2408513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2408513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2408513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172036.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172036.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172036.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172036.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172036.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172036.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2166644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2166644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2166644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166664.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166664.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166664.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166664.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166664.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166664.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150642925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             201663.888889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   144.879924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   111.120076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.565937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.434063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       165249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       202817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         202817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       202817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        202817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    190788191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190788191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    190788191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190788191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    190788191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190788191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       166957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       204525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       204525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111702.687939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111702.687939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111702.687939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111702.687939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111702.687939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111702.687939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52484621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52484621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52484621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52484621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52484621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52484621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106893.321792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106893.321792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106893.321792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106893.321792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106893.321792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106893.321792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              472.699299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750129957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1553064.093168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.699299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.028364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         121990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        121990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5837275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5837275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5837275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5837275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5837275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5837275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       122027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       122027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       122027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       122027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       122027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157764.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157764.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157764.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157764.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157764.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157764.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4585623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4585623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4585623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4585623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4585623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4585623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163772.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163772.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163772.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163772.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163772.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163772.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108893496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             182096.147157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   116.898455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   139.101545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.456635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.543365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        96412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        70605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       167017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         167017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       167017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        167017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93407565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93407565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       842846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       842846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     94250411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94250411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     94250411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94250411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        97258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        70613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       167871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       167871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110410.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110410.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105355.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105355.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110363.478923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110363.478923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110363.478923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110363.478923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34672198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34672198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       235017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34907215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34907215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34907215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34907215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102277.870206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102277.870206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        78339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102067.880117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102067.880117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102067.880117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102067.880117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.368612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765693889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1374674.845601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.368612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         117872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        117872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2720746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2720746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2720746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2720746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2720746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2720746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       117888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       117888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170046.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170046.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170046.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170046.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170046.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170046.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2358137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2358137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2358137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2358137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2358137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2358137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168438.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168438.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168438.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168438.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168438.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168438.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287983001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             276110.259827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   102.270879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   153.729121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.399496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.600504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       299686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       463167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         463167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       463167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        463167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352656712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352656712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352656712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    352656712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352656712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    352656712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       302468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       163481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       465949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       465949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       465949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       465949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126763.735442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126763.735442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126763.735442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126763.735442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126763.735442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126763.735442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93904752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93904752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93904752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93904752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93904752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93904752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119319.888183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119319.888183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119319.888183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119319.888183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119319.888183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119319.888183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.544009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750408953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1494838.551793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.544009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         116503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        116503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2285143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2285143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2285143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2285143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2285143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2285143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       116518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       116518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152342.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152342.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152342.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152342.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152342.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152342.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2063214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2063214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2063214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158708.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158708.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158708.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158708.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158708.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158708.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125071203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             96654.716383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.670032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.329968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.721367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.278633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    320278017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320278017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     78378354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78378354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    398656371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    398656371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    398656371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    398656371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       162203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       162203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 136695.696543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136695.696543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 186615.128571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186615.128571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 144283.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144283.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 144283.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144283.883822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120510817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120510817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9365721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9365721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129876538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129876538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129876538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129876538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122594.930824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122594.930824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 170285.836364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170285.836364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125121.905588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125121.905588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125121.905588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125121.905588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.547044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750409056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494838.756972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.547044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         116606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        116606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2221772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2221772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2221772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2221772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2221772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2221772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       116621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       116621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       116621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       116621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       116621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148118.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148118.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148118.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148118.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148118.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148118.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1994181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1994181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1994181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153398.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153398.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153398.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153398.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153398.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153398.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125071585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             96134.961568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.646599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.353401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.721276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.278724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    318268959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318268959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69954827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69954827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    388223786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    388223786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    388223786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    388223786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        90725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       162540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       162540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005250                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005250                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135954.275523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135954.275523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 185556.570292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185556.570292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 142834.358352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142834.358352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 142834.358352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142834.358352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121861543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121861543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8425764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8425764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130287307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130287307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130287307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130287307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122597.125755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122597.125755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165211.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165211.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124676.848804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124676.848804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124676.848804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124676.848804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              556.543625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              765693770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1374674.631957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.543625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       117753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       117753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         117753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       117753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        117753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2900681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2900681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2900681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2900681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2900681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2900681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       117769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       117769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       117769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       117769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       117769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181292.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181292.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181292.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181292.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181292.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181292.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2508982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2508982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2508982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2508982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2508982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2508982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       179213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       179213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       179213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              287983264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             275582.070813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   102.422202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   153.577798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.400087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.599913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       299772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       463429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         463429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       463429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        463429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    367973828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    367973828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    367973828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    367973828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    367973828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    367973828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       302646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       163657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       466303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       466303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128035.430759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128035.430759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128035.430759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128035.430759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128035.430759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128035.430759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95657448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95657448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95657448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95657448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95657448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95657448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121238.844106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121238.844106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121238.844106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121238.844106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121238.844106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121238.844106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
