
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13200445248                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578498877075                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397473                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   498069                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 300045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 43994.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17486775994                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21912496495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       264704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       517888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       443520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       443648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       442752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       176768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       260480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       520448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       518528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       518016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       446336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5848832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1377280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1377280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         4066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         4047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 45694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       368472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20052657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39232616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     33598867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33608563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33540687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39135650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13391063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19732668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39426549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39281099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39242313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33812193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               443078388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       368472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5468906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104335875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104335875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104335875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       368472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20052657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39232616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     33598867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33608563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33540687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39135650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13391063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19732668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39426549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39281099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39242313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33812193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              547414262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23127521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12412070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563012                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       917399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27213619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24445497     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426058      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210894      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420477      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130975      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390012      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60417      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96676      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032613      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27213619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22926987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1123579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13858545                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22950640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        711265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       338746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        75917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13837397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        56995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110481                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62673172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62673172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464033                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179200                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518590                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765545                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27213619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21569967     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753695      6.44%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915778      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100624      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561059      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140504      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164871      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3857      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27213619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21159     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8679     23.45%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7172     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083377     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99336      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297516     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395086      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37010                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53011791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280643                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        628696                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518590                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16461183                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26815280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22641572     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632439      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055985      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331112      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555306      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105796      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67494      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61074      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364502      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26815280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40218663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27934525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4442126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.165574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.165574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59129989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14753072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2333370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1913100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230830                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       952848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         907555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239066                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22296405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13272117                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2333370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1146621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2917378                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        656933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2066710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1376104                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229744                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27702444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24785066     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         316076      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         365022      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         200679      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         229734      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         126573      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87272      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         226384      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1365638      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27702444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.419264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22112461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2254412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2892622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       419611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       378976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16204689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11861                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       419611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22148176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        580716                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1574848                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2880902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        98187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16194270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22509655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75398181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75398181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19184485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3325116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2281                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          268971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1547408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       840827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       186462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16164221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15269025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2037134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4714637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27702444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21273359     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2581818      9.32%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1390337      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963203      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841748      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429590      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104853      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67424      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50112      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27702444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3794     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14348     43.54%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14812     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12783088     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238486      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1410888      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834695      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15269025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.482346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32954                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58294917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18205689                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15010840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15301979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          595                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       419611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        530133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16168405                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1547408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2282                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10900                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       263083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15039705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2158550                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2104297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           834433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.475102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15011103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15010840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8921814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23376955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.474190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11264741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13820789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2347696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       231938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27282833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21636907     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2618257      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1097576      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657965      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456996      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295082      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153627      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123055      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243368      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27282833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11264741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13820789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2092718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1270817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1978320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12459692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       281188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       243368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43207872                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32756652                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                343650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3953301                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13820789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.810162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.810162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67831822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20839793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15116504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2459218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2012660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1014475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         966319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23654817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13753173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2459218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1220124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2870367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        659829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1214155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1448697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     28154650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       25284283     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         134777      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         212610      0.76%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         286883      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         295343      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         250204      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         140573      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         208070      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1341907      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     28154650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077686                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.434461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23413662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1457770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2864893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         3297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       415027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       404230                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16872393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       415027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23478103                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        198445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1111282                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2804289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       147501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16865079                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        21650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        63346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     23536077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     78458110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     78458110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     20379850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3156227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          437807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       854931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       255068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16841100                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4086                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15984854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1876666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4501931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28154650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21350860     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2828404     10.05%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1424980      5.06%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1048435      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826301      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338217      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211972      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110784      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14697      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28154650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3124     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9898     37.14%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13628     51.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13442849     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239143      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2002      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1448761      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       852099      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15984854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.504959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60153406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18721926                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15743721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     16011504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       255005                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       415027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        163104                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16845212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       854931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2071                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11976                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       136048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       276194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15763585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1362992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       221269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2215023                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2239810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           852031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.497969                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15743839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15743721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9039944                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        24353590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.497342                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11880158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14617990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2227236                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4035                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       244231                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27739623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21708568     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3004262     10.83%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1121430      4.04%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       535115      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471553      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259952      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213745      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102903      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322095      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27739623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11880158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14617990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2165681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1323687                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2108002                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13170476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       300971                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       322095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           44262676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          34105498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                359626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3501095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11880158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14617990                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11880158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.664590                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.664590                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.375292                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.375292                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       70945590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      21934691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15642376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2138628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929374                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       818262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762425                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22667105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13436315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2138628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       880404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2656616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        359161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3109625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1302427                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114413                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     28675591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       26018975     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          93992      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193776      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          82463      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         441162      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         393394      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          76151      0.27%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         159355      0.56%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1216323      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     28675591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22432169                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      3346282                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2646584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       242003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       187892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15753718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       242003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22462743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3097406                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       146605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2628057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        98772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15743901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           47                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        49584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        33023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1022                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18492872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     74139876                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     74139876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16362449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2130402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          232528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3711261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1875654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        91676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15710720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15090567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1234274                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2969882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28675591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23256658     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1652931      5.76%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1341970      4.68%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576894      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722349      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684738      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389699      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31082      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19270      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28675591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37922     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289868     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8475      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9471286     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131795      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3615853     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1870731     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15090567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336265                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59202047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16947250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14960331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15426832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27007                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          420                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       242003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3022872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15712581                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3711261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1875654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18272                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          420                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       133260                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14984269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3603967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5474460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1963714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1870493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473351                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14960840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14960331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8083414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15961314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472595                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506438                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12144697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14271742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1442571                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       116373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28433588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23237811     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1911670      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891501      3.14%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       876234      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241999      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001976      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76573      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55538      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140286      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28433588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12144697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14271742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5426718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3563576                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1885020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12690679                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       138248                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       140286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           44007576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          31670677                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                488644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2980154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12144697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14271742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12144697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.606549                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.606549                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       74068070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17381133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      18749406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2229515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1823401                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       220252                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       945244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         880536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21659618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12642166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2229515                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1109515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2649710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        638186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1058547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1333619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25780956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23131246     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         143217      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         226765      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         359755      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         150719      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         169660      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         177893      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         117092      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1304609      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25780956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.399364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21456961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1263225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2641209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         6774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       412785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       365158                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15438611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       412785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21488362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        246265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       922753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2617132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        93657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15427084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         4030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        26206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        34634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6348                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21411623                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71758684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71758684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18268006                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3143611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4042                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          279644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1474490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       791780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       180087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15404929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4055                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14580900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1953160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4346666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25780956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19627064     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2473299      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1351204      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919931      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858917      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       248598      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191622      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65558      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44763      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25780956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3401     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10342     38.48%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13131     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12213677     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229937      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1765      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1349411      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       786110      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14580900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460608                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54988651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17362353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14345155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14607774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268751                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          925                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       412785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        155901                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15409018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1474490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       791780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128708                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       254277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14372942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1269440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  34                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2055190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2022768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           785750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.454039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14345379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14345155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8387974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21908273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.453161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10730318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13152662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2256407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3564                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       224710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25368171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20026635     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2587583     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007597      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       542292      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406106      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226863      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139735      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       125020      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306340      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25368171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10730318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13152662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1972083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1205738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1887929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11851594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       267177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       306340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           40470822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          31230964                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                353167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               5874789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10730318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13152662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10730318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.950122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.950122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.338969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.338969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       64816331                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19885129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14399900                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31655012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2224978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1819533                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       220272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       941992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         878719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21626772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12617719                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2224978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1107262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2644778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        637300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1076380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1331646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25760107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23115329     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         142806      0.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         227047      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         359228      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         150240      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         169248      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         176665      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         116892      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1302652      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25760107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398601                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21424269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1280943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2636312                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6701                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       411880                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       364511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15408709                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1665                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       411880                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21455804                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        266378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       921525                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2611966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        92552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15397152                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        26096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        34721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4923                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21370143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71622172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71622172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     18236519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3133413                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4071                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2309                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          280762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1471581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       790479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       179867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15375142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4082                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14556207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1942500                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4323771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          526                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25760107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19617470     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467768      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348692      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       918946      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       857746      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       248170      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191468      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65201      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44646      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25760107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3377     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10356     38.62%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13081     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12192957     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229426      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1762      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1347046      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       785016      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14556207                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.459839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54918216                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17321923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14320609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44305                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       411880                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        174212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15379256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1471581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       790479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2306                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       253988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14348321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1267143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2051749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2019424                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           784606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.453272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14320840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14320609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8371611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        21867903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.452396                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382826                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10711882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13130134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3556                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       224730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25348227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20016423     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2582450     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006364      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540184      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405969      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226454      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       140042      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124722      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305619      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25348227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10711882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13130134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1968770                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1203710                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1884705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11831308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       266729                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       305619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           40421664                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          31170376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                352335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               5894905                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10711882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13130134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10711882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.955131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.955131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.338395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.338395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       64704748                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19850628                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14372527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2219316                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1815026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       942055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         877005                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227863                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9730                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21576703                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12585429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2219316                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1104868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2637738                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        635729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1062206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1328681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220962                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25687740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23050002     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         142103      0.55%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         226276      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         358386      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         150278      0.59%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         168317      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         177066      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         116951      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1298361      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25687740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397572                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21374512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1266407                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2629342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       410794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       363447                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15368213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1657                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       410794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21405813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        248076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       921357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2605118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15356678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         5705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        26245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        34392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9306                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21312249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71432047                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71432047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18188680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3123568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          279483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1466966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       788475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       178939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15334523                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4022                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14520410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18676                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1936959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4295244                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25687740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19559450     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2463247      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345106      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       916018      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       855745      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247284      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191079      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65465      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44346      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25687740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3347     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10155     38.20%     50.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13079     49.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12163878     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228939      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1758      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1342903      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       782932      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14520410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.458697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26581                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54773817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17275702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14286248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14546991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44000                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25419                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       410794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        159175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13132                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15338579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1466966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       788475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9612                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       253823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14313918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1264305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       206492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  34                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2046806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2014483                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           782501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452174                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14286499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14286248                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8353326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        21816626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451300                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382888                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10683716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13095586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3549                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       224241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25276946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19957644     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577120     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003322      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540457      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404192      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225741      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139224      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124334      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304912      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25276946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10683716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13095586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1963580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1200524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1879733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11800173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       266021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       304912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           40310644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          31088212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                351855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5968005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10683716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13095586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10683716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.962990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.962990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       64551038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19802170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14336074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3546                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2141430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         765791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118233                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22723140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13451438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2141430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       884024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2661373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        360016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3039914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1306017                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       115274                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     28666644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       26005271     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          95000      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         194330      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          82217      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         442484      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         394652      1.38%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          76861      0.27%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         158801      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1217028      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     28666644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22491257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      3273517                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2651388                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         8501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       241976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       188440                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15772580                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       241976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22521154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3024205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       145418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2633571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       100315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15762620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           92                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        48210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        32291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5244                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18512740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     74230235                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     74230235                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16389026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2123714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          227572                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3718696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1879349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        91283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15729965                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15116812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1227985                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2936148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28666644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23233723     81.05%     81.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1660407      5.79%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345217      4.69%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578875      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722383      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       685913      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389854      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31051      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19221      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28666644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38107     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290158     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8480      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9486898     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131672      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          904      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3623073     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1874265     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15116812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477538                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022276                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59246251                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16960218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14985841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15453557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27060                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1331                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       241976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2950917                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15731837                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3718696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1879349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        66442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       134255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15009982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3611078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5485094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1967379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1874016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474163                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14986346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14985841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8096435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        15984770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473400                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506509                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12164736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14295203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1438385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1823                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       117251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28424668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23219234     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1916190      6.74%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       892793      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       877063      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       243412      0.86%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003489      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76520      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55711      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140256      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28424668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     12164736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14295203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5436043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3569704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1888090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12711512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       138449                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       140256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           44017961                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          31709185                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                489983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2989101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          12164736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14295203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     12164736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.602255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.602255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       74198946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17408965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      18774772                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1820                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2455593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2009369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241081                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1015435                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23621157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13730063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2455593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1218747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2865741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        658358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1232048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1446603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     28133412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       25267671     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         134152      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         212442      0.76%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         286507      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         294956      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         250337      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         140963      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         207128      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1339256      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     28133412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23380359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1475528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2860316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       413891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       403897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16844389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       413891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23444686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        198703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1129257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2799939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       146933                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16837149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        63340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     23495513                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     78326148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     78326148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20349977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3145524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4124                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          437011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1575915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       853481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       259920                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16814161                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15962073                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1868671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4481510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28133412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21335754     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2829745     10.06%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1423003      5.06%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1045060      3.71%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825266      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337617      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211657      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110429      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14881      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28133412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3185     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9788     36.84%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13596     51.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13424524     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238606      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1999      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1446305      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850639      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15962073                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504239                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60086581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18687042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15721618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15988642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       413891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        163836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14320                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16818326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1575915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       275933                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15741450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1360738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2211298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2236937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           850560                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497270                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15721754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15721618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9025866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        24316611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11862753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14596496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2221845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       243887                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27719521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21693099     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3004633     10.84%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118767      4.04%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534864      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       472804      1.71%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259312      0.94%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211994      0.76%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102387      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321661      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27719521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11862753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14596496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2162478                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1321730                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2104882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13151116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       300520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       321661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           44216123                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          34050598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                359282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3522333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11862753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14596496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11862753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.668499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.668499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       70844777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21903187                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15616038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2329939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1910736                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230609                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         907602                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10244                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22266181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13240761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2329939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1146073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2910831                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        654566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2125742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1373464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27722583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24811752     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         315759      1.14%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         364475      1.31%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         199988      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         229596      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         127052      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          87876      0.32%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         224959      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1361126      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27722583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418274                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22084261                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2311420                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2886260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        23152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       417486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       377960                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2344                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16160256                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11867                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       417486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22119898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        698337                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1514419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2874504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        97935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16149510                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        23690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        46046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22449502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     75184871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     75184871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19152138                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3297329                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          267377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       838305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       186180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16119862                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15231555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2015150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4673998                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27722583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21305032     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2580108      9.31%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387549      5.01%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       962137      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       838198      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       427670      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104625      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67066      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50198      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27722583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3916     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13842     42.54%     54.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14782     45.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12750321     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237879      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1865      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1409105      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832385      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15231555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.481162                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32540                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58239820                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18139334                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14975717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15264095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274014                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17817                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          562                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       417486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        645636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15695                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16124040                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133519                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       262836                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15004650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1322701                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       226902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2154840                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2100409                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           832139                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473995                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14976006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14975717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8899189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        23305924                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.473081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11245687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13797306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2326911                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3763                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       231726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27305097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21667467     79.35%     79.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2614177      9.57%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1096666      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657216      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456196      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294938      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153016      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122789      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242632      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27305097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11245687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13797306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2089115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1268627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1974935                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12438500                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       280691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       242632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43186604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32665958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                342552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3933162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11245687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13797306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11245687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.814923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.814923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.355249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.355249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67679075                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20790968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15081894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2135571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1926298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       952257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5163                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22657253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13412962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2135571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       881036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2653645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        359855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3104777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1302368                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     28657991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       26004346     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          94321      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         193131      0.67%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          82685      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         441218      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         393846      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          76556      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         158394      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1213494      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     28657991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.423713                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22433953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3329823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2643643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8493                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       242074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       187849                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15728732                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       242074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22463470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3075863                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       155382                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2626059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        95138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15718314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        47292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        31763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1555                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18460500                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     74019696                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     74019696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16332962                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2127519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1899                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          224416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3708936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1873691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        91580                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15685586                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1906                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15070222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1232559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2947831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28657991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23244346     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1653297      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1338941      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       577535      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721002      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       683936      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388950      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30822      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19162      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28657991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37806     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289495     86.21%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8483      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9456824     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131310      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3612664     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1868524     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15070222                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.476066                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335784                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59143553                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16920470                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14939345                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15406006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27087                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       150446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          420                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13282                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1327                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       242074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       3004587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15687507                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3708936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1873691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          999                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18177                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          420                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        66143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       133821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14963680                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3600627                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5468873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1961230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1868246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.472700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14939864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14939345                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8071186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15930418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.471932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12124170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14247351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1441892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       116990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28415917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23228540     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1908607      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889647      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       874837      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241968      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001084      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76236      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55753      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139245      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28415917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     12124170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14247351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5418892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3558483                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1881746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12668893                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       137942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       139245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43965876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          31620603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                488938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2997754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          12124170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14247351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     12124170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.610962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.610962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.383001                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.383001                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       73969778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17353920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      18720402                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2738108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279992                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1048016                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000700                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293796                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23816141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             15020895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2738108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1294496                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             3130393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        695972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2243027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1479881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     29636686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       26506293     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         191942      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         243702      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         386009      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         159934      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         206499      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         241459      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         109977      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1590871      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     29636686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.474508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23679337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2397260                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         3115309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       443174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       416308                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     18353800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       443174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23704055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         77136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2252316                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         3092163                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        67832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     18240048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        47083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     25482658                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     84817786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     84817786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     21314015                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        4168621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2325                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          241401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705697                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       892663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10339                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       200962                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         17807125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4457                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        17080190                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2164033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4407699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          191                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29636686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22399080     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3301899     11.14%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348533      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757305      2.56%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024725      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314287      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310358      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167165      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13334      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29636686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118335     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15573     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15276     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14390000     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233388      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2114      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1565101      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889587      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     17080190                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.539561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149184                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008734                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63963514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19975724                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16636362                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     17229374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       443174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         58730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17811585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705697                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2326                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147334                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       288003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16783254                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1540035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       296936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2429514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2373307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           889479                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             16636478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            16636362                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9968842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        26770797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.525540                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372377                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12399771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     15279581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532101                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       252199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29193512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22726961     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3277460     11.23%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188341      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593596      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542453      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228325      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225280      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107234      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303862      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29193512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12399771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     15279581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2265938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1385481                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              2128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2214737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13756611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       315513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       303862                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           46701241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          36066561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                362588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2019059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12399771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            15279581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12399771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.552930                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.552930                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       75520982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      23250620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16979702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31655742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2742361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2283502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1001801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23847666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             15042073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2742361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1296015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             3134625                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        697563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2206198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1482043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239603                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     29636997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       26502372     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         192223      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         244025      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         386209      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         160120      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         206941      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         241774      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         110032      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1593301      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     29636997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475177                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       23710980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2360589                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         3119537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       444286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       416997                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     18379995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       444286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       23735663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         77334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2215463                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         3096440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        67801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     18266269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        47061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     25518793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     84937339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     84937339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     21339039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        4179754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          241072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       893840                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       201310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         17832535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        17103684                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2169276                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4418984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29636997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22389823     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3305826     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350594      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758175      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026106      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315158      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310622      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167345      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13348      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29636997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118423     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15629     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15290     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14409934     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233690      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2116      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567143      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890801      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     17103684                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540303                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64011068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20006376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16658589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     17253026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       444286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         58895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17836994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893840                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6615                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147581                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       288707                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16805773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1541937                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2432623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2376657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           890686                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.530892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             16658695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            16658589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         9981285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        26803487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526242                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12414343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     15297578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2539513                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       252675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29192711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22718556     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3281094     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1190080      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594252      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543038      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228492      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225646      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107344      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304209      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29192711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     12414343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     15297578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2268607                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1387113                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          2217359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        13772814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       315892                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       304209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           46725502                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          36118483                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                363224                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2018745                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          12414343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            15297578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     12414343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.549933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.549933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       75621030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      23281479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      17003311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2137276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1927806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       947480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         764384                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22666598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13424120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2137276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       882150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2656093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        358921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3077117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1302562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     28641540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       25985447     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          94799      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         193964      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          82319      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         441602      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         394087      1.38%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          76260      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         158293      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1214769      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     28641540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424066                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22426020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      3319442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2646042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8539                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       241492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       188062                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15740192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1475                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       241492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22456286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3068517                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       147556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2627905                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        99779                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15730103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        50847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1852                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18473951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     74075612                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     74075612                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16350896                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2123055                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1840                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          232363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3710800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1875146                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16955                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        91125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15697340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1846                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15083713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1229297                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2937916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28641540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23218947     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1657462      5.79%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1342201      4.69%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       579343      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721761      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       683343      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388432      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30939      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19112      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28641540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37946     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289045     86.16%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8498      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9465951     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131587      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3615223     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1870050     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15083713                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.476492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59153700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16928894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14953368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15419202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       149131                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          413                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       241492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2990413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        30185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15699202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3710800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1875146                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          413                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        66118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       133680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14977533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3603210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5472992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1963239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1869782                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14953863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14953368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8080511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15952050                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506550                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12136739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14262236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1438700                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       116648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28400048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23206101     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1912594      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890685      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       875275      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       242651      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000541      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76319      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55832      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140050      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28400048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12136739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14262236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5423807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3561669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1883708                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12682195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       138115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       140050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43960895                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          31643397                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                488255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3014205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12136739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14262236                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12136739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.608258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.608258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.383398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.383398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       74038056                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17370572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      18735640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2142181                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       815392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         763994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5121                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22698435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13455645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2142181                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       882236                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2661157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        359596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3125536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1303766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     28727895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       26066738     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          95005      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         194030      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          82274      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         442510      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         394124      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          75875      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         158659      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1218680      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     28727895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.425062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22450460                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      3375225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2651205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       242523                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       188402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15775995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1491                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       242523                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22481219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3119006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       149946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2632436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       102760                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15766232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        54104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1018                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18514902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     74245342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     74245342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16385323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2129571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1846                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          237017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3717603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1878692                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17365                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        91692                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15733410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15111452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1239499                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2980073                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28727895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23296160     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1661427      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1344551      4.68%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       577271      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722843      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       685643      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389651      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31175      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19174      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28727895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38199     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290005     86.14%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8461      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9482650     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131912      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          903      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3622192     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1873795     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15111452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336665                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59296495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16975176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14980537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15448117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148165                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1332                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       242523                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       3038423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        30820                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15735282                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3717603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1878692                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65560                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       133569                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15004700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3610233                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5483798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1966651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1873565                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473996                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14981052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14980537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8093614                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        15982707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506398                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12162553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14292472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1444687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1823                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       116283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28485372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23279820     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1917740      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       892194      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       877288      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       242696      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002806      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76660      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55638      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140530      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28485372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12162553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14292472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5435598                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3569437                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1887673                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12709057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       140530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           44081962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          31716884                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                488550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2927850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12162553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14292472                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12162553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.602722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.602722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       74172027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17400173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      18777704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1820                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2229478                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1823005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       220153                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       941221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         880284                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         229043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21659662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12642390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2229478                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1109327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2650081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        637483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1064964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1333449                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25787184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23137103     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         143144      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         227580      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         360090      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         150422      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         169499      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         177301      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         116861      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1305184      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25787184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399371                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21456958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1269694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2641581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       412180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       365484                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15438582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       412180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21488643                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        273876                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       901157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2617126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        94200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15426909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         4120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        26235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        34728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6327                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21410060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71759155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71759155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18272949                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3137105                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4052                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2283                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          282066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1474533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       792333                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       179230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15405377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4062                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14583749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1946420                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4338555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          498                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25787184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19633897     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2471942      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350785      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920013      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       859765      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       248505      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       192079      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65445      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44753      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25787184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3356     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10256     38.30%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13169     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12215516     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229976      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1766      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1349928      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       786563      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14583749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460698                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26781                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     55000578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17356062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14347598                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14610530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44850                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          951                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       412180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        184622                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13213                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15409467                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1474533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       792333                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2282                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       254014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14375604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1269873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       208145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2055927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2023501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           786054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14347865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14347598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8387373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21908599                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453238                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10733209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13156238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2253279                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3564                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       224608                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25375004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20032363     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2588178     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008201      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       541528      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406554      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226466      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       140196      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124792      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306726      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25375004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10733209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13156238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1972625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1206064                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1888463                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11854796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       267249                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       306726                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40477717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          31231260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                352852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5868561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10733209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13156238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10733209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.949327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.949327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       64827365                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19887298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14400563                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.855684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.011537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.745881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.095464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   943.271178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1056.743160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.460582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.515988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50552694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631435975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1681988669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50552694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631435975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1681988669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50552694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631435975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1681988669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1685089.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817352.692886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830201.712241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1685089.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817352.692886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830201.712241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1685089.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817352.692886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830201.712241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47918582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456142747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504061329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47918582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456142747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504061329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47918582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456142747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504061329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597286.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729530.434369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742379.728036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597286.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729530.434369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742379.728036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597286.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729530.434369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742379.728036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2108                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.560894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         194597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.856971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.443947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.817578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   886.986350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1090.313018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.532379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4064                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4065                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2107                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68664899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1796768548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1865433447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68664899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1796768548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1865433447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68664899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1796768548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1865433447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.342323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806971.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868423.657806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885350.473185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806971.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868423.657806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885350.473185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806971.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868423.657806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885350.473185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1199                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1199                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65325377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1615116642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680442019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65325377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1615116642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680442019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65325377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1615116642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680442019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1719088.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780626.699855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797551.978643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1719088.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780626.699855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797551.978643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1719088.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780626.699855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797551.978643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.367610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         171195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.349957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.638059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.225240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   656.372817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1336.131494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.013782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.320495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.652408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3332                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70094031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1141132777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1211226808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70094031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1141132777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1211226808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70094031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1141132777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1211226808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1752350.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 826907.809420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852976.625352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1752350.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 826907.809420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852976.625352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1752350.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 826907.809420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852976.625352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66581229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1018727590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085308819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66581229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1018727590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085308819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66581229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1018727590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085308819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1664530.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738743.720087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764840.605356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1664530.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738743.720087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764840.605356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1664530.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738743.720087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764840.605356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         4080                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.933988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         167505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         6128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        27.334367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.009338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.048057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1297.531143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         731.345451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.633560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.357102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4782                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4783                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                4074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 4080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                4080                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67124181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3872293845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3939418026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5265755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5265755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67124181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3877559600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3944683781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67124181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3877559600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3944683781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              8854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               8863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              8863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1974240.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 958488.575495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966965.642121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 877625.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877625.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1974240.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 958368.660405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966834.260049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1974240.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 958368.660405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966834.260049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                708                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     708                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            4080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           4080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64138981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3517517669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3581656650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4738955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4738955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64138981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3522256624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586395605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64138981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3522256624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586395605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1886440.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 870672.690347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879149.889543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789825.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789825.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1886440.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 870552.798814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879018.530637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1886440.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 870552.798814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879018.530637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3497                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.567061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         137493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        24.795852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.602020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.991343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   939.380841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1074.592856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.458682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.524704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4359                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4360                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3499                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58868443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3174334861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3233203304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8698262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8698262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58868443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3183033123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3241901566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58868443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3183033123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3241901566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.443121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731424.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917703.053195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925623.619811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1449710.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449710.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731424.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918624.277922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926522.310946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731424.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918624.277922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926522.310946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55883243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2870609841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2926493084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8171462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8171462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55883243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2878781303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2934664546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55883243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2878781303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2934664546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.443121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1643624.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829895.877710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837816.514171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1361910.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1361910.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1643624.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830817.114863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838715.217491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1643624.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830817.114863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838715.217491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3501                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.561539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         137461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        24.776676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.596185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.537703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   937.442141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1075.985510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.457735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.525384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4335                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4336                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3467                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3503                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55925387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3203578947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3259504334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9149185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9149185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55925387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3212728132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3268653519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55925387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3212728132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3268653519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              7821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               7839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              7839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.444630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.444373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.444373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1553482.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 925622.348165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932085.883329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1524864.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1524864.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1553482.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926659.397750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933101.204396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1553482.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926659.397750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933101.204396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                541                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     541                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52762568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2899733292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952495860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8622098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8622098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52762568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2908355390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961117958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52762568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2908355390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961117958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.444630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.444373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.444373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1465626.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 837831.058076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844293.926222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1437016.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437016.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1465626.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838868.009807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845309.151584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1465626.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838868.009807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845309.151584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3494                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.562830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         137464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.808518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.602601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.520106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   937.218620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1076.221504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.457626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.525499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4341                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4342                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3459                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3495                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48841414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3213501771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3262343185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7841326                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7841326                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48841414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3221343097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3270184511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48841414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3221343097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3270184511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1356705.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930640.536056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935036.739754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1306887.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1306887.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1356705.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931293.176352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935675.110443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1356705.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931293.176352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935675.110443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                540                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     540                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45678557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2910239267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2955917824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7314193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7314193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45678557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2917553460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963232017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45678557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2917553460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963232017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1268848.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842814.731248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847210.611637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1219032.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219032.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1268848.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843467.320035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847848.931903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1268848.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843467.320035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847848.931903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         4070                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.935316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         167527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         6118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        27.382641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.008274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.019400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1298.557962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         731.349680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.634062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.357104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4802                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4803                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                4064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 4070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                4070                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64423690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3832495316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3896919006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9139029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9139029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64423690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3841634345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3906058035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64423690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3841634345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3906058035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              8864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               8873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              8873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1894814.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 950991.393548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958887.550689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1523171.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1523171.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1894814.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951842.008176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959719.418919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1894814.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951842.008176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959719.418919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                709                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     709                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            4070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           4070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61438490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3478629827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3540068317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8612229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8612229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61438490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3487242056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548680546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61438490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3487242056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548680546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.456664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1807014.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863183.579901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871079.802411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1435371.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1435371.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1807014.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 864034.206145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871911.682064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1807014.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 864034.206145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871911.682064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1422                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.415318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         171189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        49.334006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.644275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.764291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   657.164628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1334.842124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.320881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.651778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3327                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3329                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1421                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89224488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1164962420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1254186908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89224488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1164962420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1254186908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89224488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1164962420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1254186908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287807.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 842953.994211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882608.661506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287807.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 842953.994211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882608.661506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287807.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 842953.994211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882608.661506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85797717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1042069132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127866849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85797717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1042069132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127866849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85797717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1042069132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127866849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199941.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 754575.765387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794272.428873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199941.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 754575.765387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794272.428873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199941.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 754575.765387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794272.428873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2076                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.556606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         194611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        47.224217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.616931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.545883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   876.451893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1099.941900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.427955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.537081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4076                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4077                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2074                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74268532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1784573952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1858842484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74268532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1784573952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1858842484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74268532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1784573952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1858842484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1904321.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876940.516953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 896259.635487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1904321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876940.516953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 896259.635487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1904321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876940.516953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 896259.635487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1189                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1189                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70843411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1605837609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1676681020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70843411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1605837609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1676681020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70843411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1605837609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1676681020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1816497.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 789109.390172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808428.649952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1816497.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 789109.390172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808428.649952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1816497.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 789109.390172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808428.649952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         4099                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.934533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         167485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         6147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        27.246624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.004896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.948819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1305.173557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         724.807260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.637292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.353910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4766                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                4093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 4099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4066                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                4099                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66961094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3892753305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3959714399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8440427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8440427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66961094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3901193732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3968154826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66961094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3901193732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3968154826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              8856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               8865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              8865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.462173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.462380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.462380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2029124.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 958806.232759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967435.719277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1406737.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1406737.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2029124.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959467.223807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968078.757258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2029124.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959467.223807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968078.757258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                706                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     706                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            4099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           4099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64063694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3536247352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3600311046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7913627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7913627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64063694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3544160979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3608224673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64063694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3544160979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3608224673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1941324.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 870996.884729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879626.446616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1318937.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1318937.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1941324.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871657.889572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880269.498170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1941324.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871657.889572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880269.498170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.491105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         194237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.564818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.422968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.878201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   524.637682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1455.552254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.256171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.710719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101863572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    901111967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1002975539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101863572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    901111967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1002975539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101863572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    901111967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1002975539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2829543.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839024.177840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903581.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2829543.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839024.177840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903581.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2829543.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839024.177840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903581.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98702772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    806785391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905488163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98702772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    806785391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905488163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98702772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    806785391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    905488163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2741743.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751196.825885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815755.101802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2741743.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751196.825885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815755.101802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2741743.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751196.825885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815755.101802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.488895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         194243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.566719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.420610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.873497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   524.913622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1455.281165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.256305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.710587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3381                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108432497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    885429013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     993861510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108432497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    885429013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      993861510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108432497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    885429013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     993861510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3012013.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824421.799814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895370.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3012013.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824421.799814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895370.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3012013.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824421.799814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895370.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105270698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    791092849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    896363547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105270698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    791092849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    896363547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105270698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    791092849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    896363547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2924186.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736585.520484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807534.727027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2924186.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736585.520484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807534.727027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2924186.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736585.520484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807534.727027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         4083                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.935433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         167490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         6131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        27.318545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.020342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.248337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1299.765333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         730.901420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.634651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.356885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1545                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1545                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4768                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4769                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                4077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 4083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                4083                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53043755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3879321161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3932364916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8549305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8549305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53043755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3887870466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3940914221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53043755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3887870466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3940914221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              8843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1545                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1545                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               8852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              8852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1657617.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 959041.078121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964524.139318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1424884.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1424884.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1657617.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 959731.045668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965200.641930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1657617.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 959731.045668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965200.641930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            4083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           4083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50234155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3524110386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3574344541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8022505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8022505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50234155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3532132891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3582367046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50234155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3532132891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3582367046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1569817.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871226.300618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876709.477802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1337084.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337084.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1569817.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871916.290052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877386.001959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1569817.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871916.290052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877386.001959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         4082                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.934558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         6130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        27.325122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.003571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.516333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1300.534172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         728.880482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.635026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.355899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4785                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4786                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                4076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 4082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4047                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                4082                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62760470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3872187003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3934947473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9702038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9702038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62760470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3881889041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3944649511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62760470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3881889041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3944649511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              8859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               8868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              8868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1793156.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 958224.945063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965394.375123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1617006.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617006.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1793156.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 959201.640969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966352.158501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1793156.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 959201.640969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966352.158501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                708                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     708                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            4082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           4082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59687470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3517319499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3577006969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9175238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9175238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59687470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3526494737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586182207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59687470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3526494737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586182207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1705356.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 870408.190794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877577.764720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1529206.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529206.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1705356.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 871384.911539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878535.572513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1705356.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 871384.911539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878535.572513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3517                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.559934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         137478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.704043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.591064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.288903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   935.726077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1078.953891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.456897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.526833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4348                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4349                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3487                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3519                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50766257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3170523883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3221290140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8747936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8747936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50766257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3179271819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3230038076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50766257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3179271819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3230038076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586445.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 910808.354783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916962.749787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1457989.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1457989.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586445.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 911749.876398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 917885.216255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586445.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 911749.876398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 917885.216255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47956657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2864854917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2912811574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8220594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8220594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47956657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2873075511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2921032168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47956657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2873075511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2921032168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1498645.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 822997.677966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829152.170225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1370099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1370099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1498645.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 823939.062518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830074.500710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1498645.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 823939.062518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830074.500710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.754865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.159498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.584475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66789958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66789958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66789958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66789958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66789958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66789958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1553254.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1553254.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1553254.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1553254.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1553254.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1553254.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50868493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50868493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50868493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50868493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50868493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50868493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640919.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640919.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640919.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640919.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640919.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640919.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35123.073039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.428969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.571031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9360085082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9360085082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9363263340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9363263340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9363263340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9363263340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443521.848086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443521.848086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442895.952888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442895.952888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442895.952888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442895.952888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912474427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912474427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1913064279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913064279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1913064279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913064279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 317002.225593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317002.225593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316627.652929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316627.652929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316627.652929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316627.652929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.747267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076043881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2065343.341651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.747267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1376054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1376054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1376054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1376054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1376054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85397071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85397071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85397071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85397071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85397071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85397071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1376104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1376104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1376104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1707941.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707941.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1707941.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1707941.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1707941.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1707941.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69058616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69058616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69058616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69058616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69058616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69058616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1770733.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770733.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1770733.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770733.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1770733.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770733.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170141278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26634.514402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.501045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.498955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       966798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       817425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1784223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1784223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8678111936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8678111936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    258156096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    258156096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8936268032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8936268032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8936268032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8936268032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       987736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1805602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1805602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1805602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1805602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 414467.090267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414467.090267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 585387.972789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 585387.972789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 417992.798166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417992.798166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 417992.798166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417992.798166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6928440                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769826.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2080110742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2080110742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1094817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1094817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2081205559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2081205559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2081205559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2081205559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340109.670046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340109.670046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339345.436002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339345.436002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339345.436002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339345.436002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              507.679345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1074584175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2078499.371373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.679345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.052371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1448638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1448638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1448638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1448638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1448638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1448638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84654811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84654811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84654811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84654811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84654811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84654811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1448697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1448697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1448697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1448697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1448697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1448697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1434827.305085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1434827.305085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1434827.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1434827.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1434827.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1434827.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70572537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70572537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70572537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70572537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70572537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70572537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680298.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680298.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              164030527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33017.416868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.972333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.027667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.867079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.132921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       997561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        997561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       838036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       838036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1835597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1835597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1835597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1835597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        15165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        15269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        15269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        15269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        15269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5089818739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5089818739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8562092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8562092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5098380831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5098380831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5098380831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5098380831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1012726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1012726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       838140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       838140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1850866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1850866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1850866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1850866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335629.326673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335629.326673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82327.807692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82327.807692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333904.042897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333904.042897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333904.042897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333904.042897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1368557909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1368557909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1369711709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1369711709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1369711709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1369711709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 291554.731359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291554.731359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 290685.846562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290685.846562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 290685.846562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290685.846562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              570.956208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1108829691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1918390.468858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.339055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.617153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1302373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1302373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1302373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1302373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1302373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91023829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91023829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91023829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91023829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91023829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91023829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1302427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1302427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1302427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1685626.462963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1685626.462963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1685626.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1685626.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1685626.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1685626.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67472253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67472253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67472253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67472253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67472253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67472253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1927778.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927778.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1927778.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927778.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1927778.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927778.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              440468565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 9084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             48488.393329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.126881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.873119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3400072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3400072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1861270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1861270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5261342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5261342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5261342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5261342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        32278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        32278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15857263822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15857263822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16040489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     16040489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15873304311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15873304311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15873304311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15873304311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3432317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3432317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1861303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1861303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5293620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5293620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5293620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5293620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491774.347093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491774.347093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 486075.424242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486075.424242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491768.520695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491768.520695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491768.520695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491768.520695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4232384585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4232384585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5507855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5507855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4237892440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4237892440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4237892440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4237892440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 479916.610160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479916.610160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 611983.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611983.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 480051.250566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480051.250566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 480051.250566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480051.250566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.977115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1080520044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2058133.417143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.977115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1333567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1333567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1333567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1333567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1333567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1333567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87565379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87565379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87565379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87565379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87565379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87565379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1333619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1333619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1333619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1333619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1333619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1333619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1683949.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683949.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59217142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59217142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59217142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59217142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59217142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59217142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691918.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691918.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              178809592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             22129.900000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   228.358314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    27.641686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.892025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.107975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       923299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        923299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       762632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       762632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1685931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1685931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1685931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1685931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8957264099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8957264099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83374350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83374350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9040638449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9040638449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9040638449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9040638449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       943858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       943858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       762745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       762745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1706603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1706603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1706603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1706603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 435685.787198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435685.787198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 737826.106195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 737826.106195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437337.386271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437337.386271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437337.386271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437337.386271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3488643380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3488643380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9517262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9517262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3498160642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3498160642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3498160642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3498160642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 446918.188573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446918.188573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 528736.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 528736.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447106.421524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447106.421524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447106.421524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447106.421524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              520.385328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1080518071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2050318.920304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.385328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1331594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1331594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1331594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1331594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1331594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1331594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87505533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87505533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87505533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87505533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87505533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87505533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1331646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1331646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1331646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1331646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1331646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1331646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1682798.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682798.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1682798.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682798.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1682798.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682798.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56308704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56308704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56308704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56308704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56308704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56308704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521856.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521856.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521856.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521856.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521856.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521856.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              178806032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22192.631501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   228.400118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    27.599882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.892188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.107812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       920974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        920974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       761359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       761359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1682333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1682333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1682333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1682333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9065203523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9065203523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     86229858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86229858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9151433381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9151433381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9151433381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9151433381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       941491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       941491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       761467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       761467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1702958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1702958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1702958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1702958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441838.647122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441838.647122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798424.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798424.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443705.860897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443705.860897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443705.860897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443705.860897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3516325958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516325958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9968185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9968185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3526294143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3526294143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3526294143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3526294143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451737.661614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451737.661614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 553788.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553788.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451973.102153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451973.102153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451973.102153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451973.102153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.800638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1080515105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2050313.292220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.800638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1328628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1328628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79677618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79677618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79677618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79677618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79677618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79677618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1503351.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1503351.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1503351.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1503351.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1503351.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1503351.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49220787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49220787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49220787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49220787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49220787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49220787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1330291.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330291.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1330291.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330291.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1330291.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330291.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178802198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22194.910377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.428493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.571507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.892299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.107701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       919205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        919205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       759356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       759356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1678561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1678561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1678561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1678561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9109840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9109840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75783887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75783887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9185624387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9185624387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9185624387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9185624387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       939755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       939755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       759470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       759470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1699225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1699225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1699225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1699225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 443301.240876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443301.240876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 664770.938596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 664770.938596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444523.053959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444523.053959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444523.053959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444523.053959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           96                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3526643172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3526643172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8660326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8660326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3535303498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535303498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3535303498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535303498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453179.538936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453179.538936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481129.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481129.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453244.038205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453244.038205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453244.038205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453244.038205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              570.278444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1108833284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1918396.685121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.015536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.262907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1305966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1305966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1305966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1305966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1305966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1305966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86124332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86124332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86124332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86124332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86124332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86124332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1306017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1306017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1306017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1306017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1306017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1306017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1688712.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1688712.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1688712.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1688712.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1688712.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1688712.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64774215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64774215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64774215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64774215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64774215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64774215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1850691.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1850691.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1850691.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1850691.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1850691.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1850691.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              440478809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 9094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48436.200682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.132946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.867054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3407116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3407116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1864463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1864463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5271579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        5271579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5271579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       5271579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        32089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        32089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15664628247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15664628247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28883025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28883025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15693511272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15693511272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15693511272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15693511272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3439172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3439172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1864496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1864496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5303668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5303668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5303668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5303668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 488664.469896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488664.469896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 875243.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875243.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 489062.023497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489062.023497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 489062.023497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489062.023497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4193758354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4193758354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9381129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9381129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4203139483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4203139483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4203139483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4203139483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474998.114622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474998.114622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1042347.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042347.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475575.863657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475575.863657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475575.863657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475575.863657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.092325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1074582080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2082523.410853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.092325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1446543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1446543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1446543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1446543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1446543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110311050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110311050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110311050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1446602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1446602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1446602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869678.813559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869678.813559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       165447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 82723.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187371.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187371.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              164027084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33036.673515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.955039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.044961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.867012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.132988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       995303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       836798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1832101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1832101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1832101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1832101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        15193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        15193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5152383033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5152383033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8141307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8141307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5160524340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5160524340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5160524340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5160524340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1010396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       836898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1847294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1847294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1847294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1847294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 341375.673027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341375.673027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81413.070000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81413.070000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339664.604752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339664.604752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339664.604752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339664.604752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1392103120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392103120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1393256920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393256920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1393256920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393256920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 296760.417821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296760.417821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295871.080909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295871.080909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295871.080909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295871.080909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              513.089815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1076041236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2061381.678161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.098749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   481.991066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1373409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1373409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1373409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1373409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1373409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105488121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105488121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105488121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105488121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105488121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105488121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1373464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1373464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1373464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1917965.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917965.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74678491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74678491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74678491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74678491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74678491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74678491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1866962.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866962.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              170139138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26722.025758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.505305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.494695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.111307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       966062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       816012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       816012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1782074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1782074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1782074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1782074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8871648663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8871648663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    280462409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    280462409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9152111072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9152111072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9152111072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9152111072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       987130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       816458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1803588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1803588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1803588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1803588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 421095.911477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421095.911477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 628839.482063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 628839.482063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 425402.578414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425402.578414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 425402.578414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425402.578414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6539486                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 726609.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2068299356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2068299356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1164087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2069463443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2069463443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2069463443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2069463443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339455.006729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339455.006729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64671.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64671.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 338645.629684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338645.629684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 338645.629684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338645.629684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              570.508936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1108829633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1921715.135182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.245187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.263749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1302315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1302315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1302315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1302315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1302315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97246444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97246444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97246444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97246444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97246444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97246444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1302368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1302368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1302368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1834838.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1834838.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1834838.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1834838.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1834838.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1834838.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67317864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67317864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67317864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67317864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67317864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67317864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1979937.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979937.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1979937.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979937.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1979937.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979937.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8831                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              440462829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 9087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48471.754044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.128275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.871725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3397007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3397007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1858535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1858535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          974                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          974                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5255542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        5255542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5255542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       5255542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        32196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        32196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15923008186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15923008186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37598930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37598930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15960607116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15960607116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15960607116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15960607116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3429165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3429165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1858573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1858573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          974                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          974                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5287738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5287738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5287738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5287738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 495149.206605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495149.206605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 989445.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989445.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 495732.610138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495732.610138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 495732.610138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495732.610138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4251858438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4251858438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8694727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8694727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4260553165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4260553165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4260553165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4260553165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 481960.829517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481960.829517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 966080.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966080.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 482454.214132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482454.214132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 482454.214132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482454.214132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              486.892033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1077603844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2185809.014199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.892033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1479830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1479830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1479830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1479830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1479830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    157643476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157643476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    157643476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157643476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    157643476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157643476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1479879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1479879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1479879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3217213.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3217213.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3217213.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3217213.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3217213.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3217213.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3386052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       846513                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102291869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102291869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102291869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102291869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102291869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102291869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2691891.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2691891.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2691891.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2691891.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2691891.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2691891.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              160410755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             34086.433277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.805090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.194910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.866426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.133574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1178984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       876034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       876034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2055018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2055018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2055018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2055018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        11545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        11545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2651170507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2651170507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9066031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9066031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2660236538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2660236538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2660236538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2660236538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1190414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       876149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       876149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2066563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2066563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 231948.425809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231948.425809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78835.052174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78835.052174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 230423.260113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230423.260113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 230423.260113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230423.260113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14038                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14038                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1128307242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1128307242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1535744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1535744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1129842986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129842986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1129842986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129842986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 254754.400993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254754.400993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73130.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73130.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 253897.300225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253897.300225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 253897.300225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253897.300225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.894655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1077606004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2185813.395538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.894655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1481990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1481990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1481990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1481990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1481990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1481990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    166490534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166490534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    166490534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166490534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    166490534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166490534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1482041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1482041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1482041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3264520.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3264520.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3264520.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3264520.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3264520.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3264520.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3435475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858868.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108860764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108860764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108860764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108860764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108860764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108860764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2864756.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2864756.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2864756.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2864756.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2864756.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2864756.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              160413144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34050.762895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.816936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.183064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.866472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.133528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1180354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       877054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2057408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2057408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2057408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2608347179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2608347179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9807054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9807054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2618154233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2618154233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2618154233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2618154233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1191800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       877182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2068982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2068982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2068982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2068982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227882.856806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227882.856806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76617.609375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76617.609375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226209.973475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226209.973475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226209.973475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226209.973475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28386                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14193                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1112899295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1112899295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1566386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1566386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1114465681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1114465681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1114465681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1114465681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 250992.172982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250992.172982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 74589.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74589.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 250160.646689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250160.646689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 250160.646689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250160.646689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              569.123035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1108829828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1925051.784722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.858784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.264251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.044645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1302510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1302510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72213130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72213130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72213130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72213130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72213130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72213130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1388714.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1388714.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1388714.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1388714.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1388714.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1388714.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53391268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53391268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53391268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53391268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53391268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53391268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1617917.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617917.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1617917.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617917.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1617917.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617917.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8819                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              440466942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 9075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48536.302149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.155646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.844354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3399457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3399457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1860260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1860260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5259717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5259717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5259717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5259717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        32109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        32109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15847985885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15847985885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     32734350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32734350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15880720235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15880720235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15880720235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15880720235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3431527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3431527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1860299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1860299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5291826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5291826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5291826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5291826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494168.565170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494168.565170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 839342.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 839342.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494587.817590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494587.817590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494587.817590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494587.817590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4238329365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4238329365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8791405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8791405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4247120770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4247120770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4247120770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4247120770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 481081.653235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481081.653235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 976822.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 976822.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 481587.568885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481587.568885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 481587.568885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481587.568885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              570.590642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1108831028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1915079.495682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.136833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.453809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1303710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1303710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1303710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1303710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1303710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1303710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84485968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84485968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84485968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84485968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84485968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84485968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1303766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1303766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1303766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1303766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1508678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1508678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1508678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1508678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1508678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1508678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63116412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63116412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63116412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63116412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63116412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63116412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1753233.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1753233.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1753233.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1753233.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1753233.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1753233.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              440477583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 9088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             48468.043904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.134797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.865203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3406070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3406070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1864281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1864281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5270351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        5270351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5270351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       5270351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        32282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        32282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15880065664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15880065664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37918377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37918377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15917984041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15917984041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15917984041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15917984041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3438314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3438314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1864319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1864319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5302633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5302633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5302633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5302633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 492496.764173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492496.764173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 997852.026316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 997852.026316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493091.631281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493091.631281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493091.631281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493091.631281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4232485780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4232485780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9944338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9944338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4242430118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4242430118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4242430118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4242430118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 479710.504364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479710.504364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1104926.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1104926.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 480347.612998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480347.612998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 480347.612998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480347.612998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.345808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1080519879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2066003.592734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.345808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1333402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1333402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1333402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1333402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1333402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1333402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74082326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74082326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74082326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74082326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74082326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74082326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1333449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1333449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1333449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1333449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1333449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1333449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1576219.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1576219.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1576219.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1576219.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1576219.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1576219.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51097742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51097742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51097742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51097742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51097742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51097742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1548416.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548416.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1548416.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548416.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1548416.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548416.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              178809131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22099.756643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   228.423206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    27.576794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.892278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.107722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       922610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        922610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       762845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       762845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1685455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1685455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1685455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1685455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9021398853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9021398853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83980828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83980828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9105379681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9105379681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9105379681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9105379681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       943115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       943115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       762960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       762960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1706075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1706075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1706075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1706075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439960.929188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439960.929188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 730268.069565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 730268.069565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 441580.003928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441580.003928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 441580.003928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441580.003928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3484397107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3484397107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9571045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9571045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3493968152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3493968152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3493968152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3493968152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445746.079954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445746.079954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 531724.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 531724.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445943.605871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445943.605871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445943.605871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445943.605871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
