
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13176833874                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578475265701                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 393640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   498863                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 300029                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 43918.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17288050421                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21909307625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       261760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       516480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       516224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       447104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       260608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       518272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4939648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1371648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1371648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         4058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         4049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19865167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       388561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13395631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13405345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19369752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19515462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19418322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39196062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39176634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39419485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       339991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33931064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19777740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39332058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13405345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               374873664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       388561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       339991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5498134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104095416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104095416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104095416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19865167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       388561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13395631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13405345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19369752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19515462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19418322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39196062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39176634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39419485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       339991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33931064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19777740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       339991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39332058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13405345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              478969080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182889                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23123095                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12408480                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182889                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       918315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171616                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27209203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24441488     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426463      1.57%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210380      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420720      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130957      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390197      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60271      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96329      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032398      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27209203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22921280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1125746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762032                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       397844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13854785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       397844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22944967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        714126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       337667                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        76349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13833688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        57277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18105408                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62655201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62655201                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3458960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13761417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873586                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5154341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27209203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21566163     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753260      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916208      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100440      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561136      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140354      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164482      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3896      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27209203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21165     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8704     23.50%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081175     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99410      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297045     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395055      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873586                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.407403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53002065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12910626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       397844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        631141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763267                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12711455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659974                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.402272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548007                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7598759                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454199                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.397005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527335                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173862                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26811359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22637723     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632452      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055930      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330932      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555613      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105581      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67517      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61008      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364603      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26811359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40210499                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27925747                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518964                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4389920                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.159912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.159912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.316465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.316465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59119185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16324044                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14749534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31599088                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2326801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1907341                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230505                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       950077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905288                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10294                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22256676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13238694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2326801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1144000                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2910448                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        655278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2099940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1373537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229339                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27687857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24777409     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         315519      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         364139      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         200220      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         228914      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         126440      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87053      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         225807      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1362356      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27687857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073635                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22073350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2286987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2885801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       418457                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       378238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16165710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11852                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       418457                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22108890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        552462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1636275                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2874346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        97423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16155629                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22457637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75223672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75223672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19146431                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3311099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2298                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          266680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       839021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22179                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       186102                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16127076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15236620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2028247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4692023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          413                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27687857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21272450     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2576505      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387354      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       961063      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       839781      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428597      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104723      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67301      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50083      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27687857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3773     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14401     43.68%     55.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14796     44.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12755923     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238084      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1865      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1407724      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       833024      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15236620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.482185                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58215182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18159668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14979182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15269590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275247                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          933                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          420                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       418457                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        503168                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16131273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2297                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132890                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       262574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15007714                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1321046                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2153814                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2099753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           832768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.474941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14979418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14979182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8902882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23327747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.474038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11242407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13793267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2338010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3763                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       231620                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27269400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21635146     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612741      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1095566      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       656081      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456340      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294427      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153171      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122794      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243134      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27269400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11242407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13793267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2088540                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1268268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1974339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12434892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       280615                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       243134                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43157465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32681105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                343062                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3911231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11242407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13793267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11242407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.810705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.810705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355783                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355783                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67689477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20795811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15079244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2737354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000023                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23804543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             15014540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2737354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1293706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             3128921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        696293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2206216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1479358                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     29588752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       26459831     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         191881      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         243590      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         385498      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         159835      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         206572      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         241349      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         109843      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1590353      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     29588752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23669482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2360341                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         3113857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       443471                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       416241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     18346360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       443471                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23694126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         77172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2215500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         3090794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        67679                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     18232813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     25472031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     84781808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     84781808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     21300104                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        4171923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          240633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       892231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       200936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         17799985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        17072466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2165238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4411065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29588752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22354766     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3299824     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348128      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756838      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024228      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314553      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310033      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167059      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29588752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118208     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15601     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15265     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14383586     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233247      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564325      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889195      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     17072466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63900080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19969780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16628186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     17221540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       443471                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         58770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17804436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       288190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16775124                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539156                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2428240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2372340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           889084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             16628291                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            16628186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9963019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        26754564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.526223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12391710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     15269702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       252220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29145280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22682895     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3275139     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187919      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593157      2.04%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542067      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228076      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225230      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107150      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303647      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29145280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     12391710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     15269702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2264501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1384595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2213325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13747716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       315317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       303647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           46646057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          36052535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                362572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2010371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          12391710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            15269702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     12391710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.550021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.550021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       75483025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      23238932                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16972231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2453929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2008326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       240883                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1012297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         964260                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23604329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13723512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2453929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1217523                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2864200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        658345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1207359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1445587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       240982                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     28090256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       25226056     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         134493      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         212185      0.76%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         286246      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         294724      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         249659      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         140253      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         207635      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1339005      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     28090256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.434300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23363740                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1450389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2858755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         3287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       414084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       403363                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16836090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       414084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23428039                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        198447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1104241                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2798284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       147158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16828763                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        63204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     23485314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     78289234                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     78289234                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     20336400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3148908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2066                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          436808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1575307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       853118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       254638                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16804863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15950578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2395                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1872401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4491723                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28090256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21300887     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2822562     10.05%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1421922      5.06%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1046157      3.72%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       824526      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337482      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211513      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110547      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14660      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28090256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3114     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9879     37.15%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13600     51.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13414021     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238614      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1998      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1445647      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850298      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15950578                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.504779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26593                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60020400                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18681415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15709956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15977171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32196                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       414084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        163216                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16808966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1575307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139852                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135734                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       275586                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15729797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1360073                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2210303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2235011                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           850230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15710075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15709956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9020545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        24301419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.497164                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11854847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14586834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2222140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       243690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27676172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21657869     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2997952     10.83%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119038      4.04%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533971      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       470626      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259395      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213235      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102684      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321402      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27676172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11854847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14586834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2161082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1320871                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2103514                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13142405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       300329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       321402                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           44163666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          34032057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                358833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3508867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11854847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14586834                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11854847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.665502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.665502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       70793492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      21887617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15608671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4022                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2455704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2009688                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1010498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         963960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23623023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13731362                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2455704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1216789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2865348                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        662128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1212146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1447736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242090                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     28117540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       25252192     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         134369      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         211400      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         286077      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         295692      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         250334      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         139270      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         207980      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1340226      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     28117540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       23382425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1455090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2859959                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3326                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       416739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       403802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16847853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       416739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       23446566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        197272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1110904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2799839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       146217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16840936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        63054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     23500883                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     78342520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     78342520                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20325838                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3175034                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4063                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          435343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       852959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       244953                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16817552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15954829                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2332                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1889864                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4537257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28117540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21332072     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2817024     10.02%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1420148      5.05%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1047402      3.73%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825899      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338249      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211389      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110728      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28117540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3139     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10262     37.94%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13647     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13418707     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238519      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1997      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1445489      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850117      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15954829                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.504914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60056578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18711570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15711895                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15981877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32274                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       257855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       416739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        162250                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16821655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       852959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       277138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15732004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1359730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2209781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2235592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           850051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.497862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15712027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15711895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9022160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        24309914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.497226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11848697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14579195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242483                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       244815                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27700801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21688735     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2994776     10.81%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117978      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533118      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468012      1.69%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258428      0.93%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215489      0.78%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102133      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322132      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27700801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11848697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14579195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2159933                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1320171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2102390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13135537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       300167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       322132                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           44200269                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          34060120                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                360264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3481583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11848697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14579195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11848697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.666886                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.666886                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       70796477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21891170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15615901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4022                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2185798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1436332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23152368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12422168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2185798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1564984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2771018                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        577996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       909070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1402301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27233777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24462759     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         426231      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211161      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         421099      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         131738      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         390554      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          60376      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          96530      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1033329      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27233777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.069173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.393117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22951112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1116018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2765309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       399065                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       203401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13871057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         5177                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       399065                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22974803                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        702322                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       339927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2741647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        76009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13850269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        10682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        57114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18127803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62730415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62730415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14659181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3468609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          178573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       399193                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        90225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13777384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12888348                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8822                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27233777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21583490     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757459      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1917055      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1101151      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562092      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140584      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164824      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3882      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3240      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27233777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21268     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8764     23.56%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10093395     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99451      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298975     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395625      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12888348                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.407870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53056496                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16294464                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12558284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12925549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       399065                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        619552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13779240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399193                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118187                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       186214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12725062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2266312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2661909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1936129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           395597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.402703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12561236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12558284                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7605286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16475448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.397425                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.461613                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11245950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2533824                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       174448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26834712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22656599     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635440      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056356      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330541      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556385      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105973      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67696      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61182      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364540      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26834712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10007858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11245950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2392932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2004119                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1727375                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9821172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       364540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           40249907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27958952                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                519631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4365346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10007858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11245950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10007858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.157431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.157431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.316713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.316713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59179081                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16342050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14764646                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2328346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957194                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22264041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13236095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2328346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1144820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2909416                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        655459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2065523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1373771                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27659376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24749960     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         315791      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         363972      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         199755      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         229144      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127346      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          87875      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         224818      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1360715      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27659376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073684                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22081666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2251594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2884646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       418058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       377948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16154169                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       418058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22117583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        659278                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1493311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2872833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        98309                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16143750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22441539                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75159479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75159479                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19143585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3297893                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          269047                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       838032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       185216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16114162                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15226159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21198                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2014459                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4670508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27659376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21244233     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2579238      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387887      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       960771      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       837361      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       427500      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105155      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        66888      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50343      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27659376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3904     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13831     42.56%     54.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14766     45.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12746601     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       237881      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1864      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1407774      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832039      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15226159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.481854                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32501                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58165393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18132938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14970721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15258660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37633                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          565                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       418058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        607005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16118339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2271                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       262990                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14999230                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1321674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       226929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2153457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2099651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           831783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.474672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14971014                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14970721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8895628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23297189                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.473770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11240671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13791256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2327214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3759                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       232056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27241318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21606311     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612854      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1096071      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657155      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455715      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295066      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       152951      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122661      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242534      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27241318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11240671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13791256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2088220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1268092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1876                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1974098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12433060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       280586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       242534                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43117176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32655077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                342924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3939747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11240671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13791256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11240671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.811142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.811142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.355727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.355727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67655548                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20783368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15076399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3754                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2185727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460519                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435742                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23146550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12419440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2185727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1564053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2769913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        576997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       900497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1401560                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27217632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24447719     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         426414      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         210962      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         420795      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         131124      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         390102      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          60200      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          96691      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1033625      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27217632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.069170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.393031                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22944296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1108450                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2764217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       398424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       203633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13867681                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         5130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       398424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22968018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        692624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       341661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2740386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        76515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13846432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        10609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        57658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18121820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     62708864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     62708864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14658807                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3463013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          180156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       399015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        91076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13773811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12884300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2512144                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5159619                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27217632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21568659     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1756917      6.46%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1917434      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100777      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561818      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139740      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165108      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3868      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27217632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21344     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8750     23.47%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7188     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10090930     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99513      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297517     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395438      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12884300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.407742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002894                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53032379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16287850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12555468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12921582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       398424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        609390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13775672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       185637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12721985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265639                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2661036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1936129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           395397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.402606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12558278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12555468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7603634                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        16464868                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.397336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.461810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11245634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       174099                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26819208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22640851     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635656      6.10%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056415      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331014      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555873      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105976      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67637      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61376      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364410      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26819208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10007542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11245634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2392838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2004025                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1727323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9820908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       138368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       364410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40230985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27951216                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                518840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4381491                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10007542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11245634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10007542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.157531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.157531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.316703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.316703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59163997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16338453                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14761319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2137134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1927924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22634379                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13425677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2137134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       879702                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2655359                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        358880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3112903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1300305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113948                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     28645046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       25989687     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          94618      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         193786      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          82523      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         440984      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         392937      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          75631      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         158426      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1216454      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     28645046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067633                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22403594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      3345424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2645362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         8492                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       242169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       187877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15742825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       242169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22433584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3091694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       150924                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2627126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        99544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15732709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           48                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        50504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        32753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18474711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     74086989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     74086989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16345552                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2129159                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          229808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3710836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1874690                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        91512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15699755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15077975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9239                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1239412                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2982913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28645046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23234335     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1648397      5.75%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1337708      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578209      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721502      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       685332      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389311      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31015      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19237      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28645046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37834     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290059     86.24%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8462      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9460506     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131677      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3615233     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869658     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15077975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477164                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59146590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16941433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14947476                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15414330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27103                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       149538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1332                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       242169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3016396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15701622                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3710836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874690                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17960                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67633                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       132676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14972244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3602979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5472384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1961860                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1869405                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14947990                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14947476                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8075562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        15941072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506588                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12133583                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14258292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1445075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       115932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28402877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23213833     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1908411      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889176      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       876164      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       240945      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002358      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76367      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55719      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139904      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28402877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12133583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14258292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5423182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3561298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1883131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12678628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       138024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       139904                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43966301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          31648937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                487759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2954077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12133583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14258292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12133583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.604270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.604270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.383985                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.383985                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       74010792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17361615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      18736074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2126952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1919082                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       803243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         758276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117163                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22538239                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13363070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2126952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       875439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2642184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        357122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3161202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1294702                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     28582677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       25940493     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          93703      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         192884      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          82009      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         438575      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         391376      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          75034      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         158370      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1210233      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     28582677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.422894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22303018                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      3398169                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2632180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         8496                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       240809                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       186587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15667296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       240809                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22333903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3143134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       152440                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2613347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        99039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15657078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        49461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1190                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18386644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     73732557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     73732557                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16268646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2117985                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          233319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3692793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1866071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        91077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15623973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15006704                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1229288                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2956611                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28582677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23196583     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1642499      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1331005      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       574045      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719552      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       681191      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       387847      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30825      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19130      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28582677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37818     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288370     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8469      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9415709     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131021      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          897      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3598000     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1861077     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15006704                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.474909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58939678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16855573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14877177                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15341361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1320                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       240809                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       3068395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        30034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15625874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3692793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1866071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       132328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14901359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3586370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5447188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1952496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1860818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.471575                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14877713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14877177                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8039336                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15870919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.470810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12077340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14192032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1435633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1812                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       115514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28341868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23176309     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1900327      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884741      3.12%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       871386      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241111      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       997650      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        75989      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55403      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       138952      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28341868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12077340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14192032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5398737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3545258                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1874357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12619666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       137353                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       138952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43830542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31496173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                485639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3016446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12077340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14192032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12077340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.616398                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.616398                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.382205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.382205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       73665154                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17279912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      18649584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2131701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       950790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761523                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117831                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5152                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22616659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13389222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2131701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       879354                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2648855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        359108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3097397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1299991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114677                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     28604734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       25955879     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          94126      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         192742      0.67%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          82508      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         440467      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         393228      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          76363      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         158042      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1211379      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     28604734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.423721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22395358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3320442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2638867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8481                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       241581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       187454                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15700603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       241581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22424725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3067442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       155194                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2621409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        94378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15690190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        46748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        31580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1555                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18425914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     73887569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     73887569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16302755                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2123128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1896                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          996                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          223087                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3703204                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1870789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16898                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        91379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15657523                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1904                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15043288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1230150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2942336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28604734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23201677     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1649462      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1336368      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576306      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719677      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       683004      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388362      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30752      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19126      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28604734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37721     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289134     86.23%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8469      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9438577     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131055      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          898      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3607136     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1865622     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15043288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.476067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59035957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16889996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14912715                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15378612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       150154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          420                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1327                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       241581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2996924                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15659442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3703204                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1870789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          998                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          420                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67539                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       133528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14937020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3595129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5460473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1957681                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1865344                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.472704                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14913234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14912715                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8056510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15898849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.471934                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12102956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14222174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1438984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       116736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28363153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23185367     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1904682      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887949      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       873380      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241462      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       999710      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76063      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55642      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       138898      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28363153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     12102956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14222174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5410559                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3553040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1878345                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12646452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       137641                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       138898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43885374                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          31563960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                488170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2994389                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          12102956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14222174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     12102956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.610860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.610860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.383016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.383016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       73840609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17321489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      18688605                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2733386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2276070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       249809                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1046199                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         998958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11662                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23774805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14995066                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2733386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1292243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             3125003                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        694761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2237599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1477307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       238690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     29583912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       26458909     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         191605      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         243286      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         385344      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         159664      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         206131      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         241040      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         109783      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1588150      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     29583912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086502                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.474541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23638429                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2391539                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         3109942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       442401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       415587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     18322214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       442401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23663103                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         76960                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2246891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         3086837                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        67710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     18208621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        47009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     25438849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     84671708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     84671708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     21277444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        4161402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2320                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          240985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1702750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       891122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       200623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         17776516                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        17050866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2160171                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4399905                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          190                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29583912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22358763     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3296199     11.14%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1346218      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755975      2.56%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1022990      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       313752      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       309829      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       166876      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13310      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29583912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118131     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15545     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15249     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14365293     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233007      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2110      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1562407      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       888049      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     17050866                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.539599                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            148925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008734                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63851797                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19941244                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16607803                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     17199791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12712                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       319647                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12183                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       442401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         58602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17780967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1702750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       891122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140431                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       287501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16754430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1537380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       296436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2425321                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2369236                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           887941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530218                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             16607918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            16607803                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9951766                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        26724938                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.525578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12378491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     15253369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527695                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4258                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       251763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29141511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22686077     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3271807     11.23%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1186304      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       592571      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       541517      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       227946      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       224906      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107057      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303326      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29141511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12378491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     15253369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2262042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1383103                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              2124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2210932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13733006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       314969                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       303326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           46619158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          36004544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                361940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2015211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12378491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            15253369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12378491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.552744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.552744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391735                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391735                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       75391284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      23210817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16950493                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2216625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1812554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       940383                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         875622                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21541421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12569177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2216625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1103358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2633999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        633423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1070752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1326079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220192                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25655717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23021718     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         141821      0.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         225600      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         357636      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         149934      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         168689      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         177249      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         116819      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1296251      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25655717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070148                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21340275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1273953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2625503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       409246                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       363264                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15347950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       409246                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21371347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        263327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       917352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2601569                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        92874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15336494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         3972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        26374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        34255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5847                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21284458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71339371                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71339371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18173192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3111258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4013                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2255                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          278554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1464779                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       787447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       177945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15314565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4025                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14502546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18610                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1930404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4283318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          481                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25655717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19535415     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2459893      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1343521      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       914094      3.56%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       855046      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247177      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191033      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65242      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44296      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25655717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3319     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10077     38.08%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13069     49.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148001     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228842      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1756      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1341821      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       782126      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14502546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458954                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001825                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54705884                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17249195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14269306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14529011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       409246                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        169401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15318623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1464779                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9496                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128019                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124771                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       252790                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14296816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1263179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       205730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2044869                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2012439                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           781690                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14269559                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14269306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8342534                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        21790941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451573                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10674566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13084411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2234301                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       223481                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25246471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19932123     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2574563     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002724      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539465      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404051      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225514      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       138958      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124101      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304972      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25246471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10674566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13084411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1961882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1199488                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1878136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11790090                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       265794                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       304972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40260133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          31046708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                350775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5943406                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10674566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13084411                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10674566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.960226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.960226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       64475701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19777403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14318263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31597004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2330862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1910924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       951586                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22308351                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13260238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2330862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1145853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2915737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        656857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2105646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1376808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27751299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24835562     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         315900      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         365187      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         200628      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         229482      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         126743      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          87451      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         226274      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1364072      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27751299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.419668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22125786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2291916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2891432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        22930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       419231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       378630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16192694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       419231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22160976                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        488678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1705578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2880067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        96765                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16182926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        45840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22497905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75351011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75351011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19184485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3313326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          265286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1545796                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       840152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       186889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16154479                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15264210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20691                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2027045                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4688943                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          429                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27751299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21322958     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2582633      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389414      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963842      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841014      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429273      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104562      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67394      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50209      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27751299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3672     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14509     43.97%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14816     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12779728     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238573      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1409694      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834347      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15264210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58333407                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18185890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15007065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15297207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274964                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18248                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          378                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       419231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        439752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16158702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1545796                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       263330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15035248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1323185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2157286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2103874                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           834101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475844                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15007313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15007065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8920500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23373294                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.474952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381654                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11264741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13820789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2337921                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       232472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27332068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21686364     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2618317      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1097839      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       656832      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457452      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294910      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153877      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123138      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243339      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27332068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11264741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13820789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2092718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1270817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1978320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12459692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       281188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       243339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43247361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          32736747                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                344001                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3845705                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13820789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.804947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.804947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.356513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.356513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67813589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      20835384                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15104016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2135279                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925884                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113516                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22625082                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13409949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2135279                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       879102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2651888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        357765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3159988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1299546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     28678375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       26026487     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          94381      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         193502      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          81705      0.28%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         440796      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         393085      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          75707      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         158234      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1214478      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     28678375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22386820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      3399981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2641912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8483                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       241174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       188089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15722965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       241174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22416912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3148435                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       149206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2623824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        98819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15713363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        51414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        32500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          582                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18450834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     73994319                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     73994319                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16334719                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2116109                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1843                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          230975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3707033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1873117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        90857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15680980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15063649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1230286                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2959049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           34                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28678375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23269228     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1650111      5.75%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339361      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       575713      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720308      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684714      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388804      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31037      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19099      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28678375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37921     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289594     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8467      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9450836     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131492      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3612081     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1868340     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15063649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.476711                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335982                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59150739                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16913531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14933247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15399631                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12324                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       241174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       3071441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        30143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15682843                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3707033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1873117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18526                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64906                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67886                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       132792                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14957651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3600105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5468217                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1960831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1868112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473357                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14933761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14933247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8067049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        15921940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472584                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12125850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14249262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1435349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       115801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28437201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23250656     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1908268      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889031      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       874737      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241671      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000822      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76355      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55491      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140170      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28437201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12125850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14249262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5420037                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3559249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1881976                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12670574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       137942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       140170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43981603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          31610442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                487213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2920748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12125850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14249262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12125850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.605931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.605931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.383740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.383740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       73939606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17344213                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      18716641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2456002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2009940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242035                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1010623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         964082                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252857                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23625820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13733066                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2456002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1216939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2865710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        662207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1188265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1447908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     28096869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       25231159     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         134389      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         211422      0.75%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         286112      1.02%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         295739      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         250363      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         139288      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         207997      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1340400      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     28096869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434603                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       23385113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1431323                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2860311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         3331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       416790                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       403847                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16849939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       416790                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23449255                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        189484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1094830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2800190                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       146317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16843030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        63051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     23503783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     78352311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     78352311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     20328263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3175405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4063                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          435430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       853068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       244986                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16819659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15956761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2331                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1890077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4537804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28096869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21310629     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2817288     10.03%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1420346      5.06%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1047525      3.73%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825992      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338305      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211408      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110743      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14633      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28096869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3140     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10261     37.93%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13649     50.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13420327     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238551      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1997      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1445665      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850221      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15956761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504975                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27050                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60039772                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18713890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15713796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15983811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32279                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       257886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       416790                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        154413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14226                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16823762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140066                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       277169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15733906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1359898                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2210053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2235861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           850155                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15713928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15713796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9023248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        24312913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.497286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11850107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14580944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       244843                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27680079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21667249     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2995132     10.82%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118158      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533201      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468058      1.69%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258465      0.93%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215524      0.78%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102144      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322148      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27680079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11850107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14580944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2160194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1320334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              2010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2102638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        13137109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       300200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       322148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           44181544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          34064285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                360292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3502254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11850107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14580944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11850107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       70805042                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21893819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15617834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         4022                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.859508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.051610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.383410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   941.058620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1058.668523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.459501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.516928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51675385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1610810648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662486033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51675385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1610810648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1662486033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51675385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1610810648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1662486033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1722512.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809046.031140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822605.657100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1722512.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809046.031140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822605.657100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1722512.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809046.031140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822605.657100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     49041385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1435960407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485001792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     49041385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1435960407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485001792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     49041385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1435960407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485001792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1634712.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721225.719237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734785.646710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1634712.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721225.719237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734785.646710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1634712.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721225.719237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734785.646710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2084                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.566496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         194583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.125938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.556404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.933696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   885.875292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1091.201105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.532813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4057                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2082                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70620594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1772013026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1842633620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70620594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1772013026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1842633620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70620594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1772013026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1842633620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.336128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1908664.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866510.037164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885030.557157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1908664.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866510.037164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885030.557157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1908664.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866510.037164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885030.557157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1186                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1186                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67370053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1592382893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1659752946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67370053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1592382893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1659752946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67370053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1592382893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1659752946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.336128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820812.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 778671.341320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797191.616715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820812.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 778671.341320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797191.616715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820812.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 778671.341320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797191.616715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.492825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         194237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.603869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.424417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.874648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   524.186789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1456.006972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.255951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.710941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101034991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    880649152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     981684143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101034991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    880649152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      981684143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101034991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    880649152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     981684143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.246991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.246991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2806527.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821501.074627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885996.518953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2806527.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821501.074627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885996.518953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2806527.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821501.074627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885996.518953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97874191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786506268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884380459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97874191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786506268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    884380459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97874191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786506268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    884380459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2718727.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733681.220149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798177.309567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2718727.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733681.220149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798177.309567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2718727.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733681.220149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798177.309567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.366693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         171181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        49.345921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.635238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.222759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   654.910688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1337.598008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.013781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.319781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.653124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3321                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3323                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67702531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1144105816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1211808347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67702531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1144105816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1211808347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67702531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1144105816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1211808347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1692563.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829062.185507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853386.159859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1692563.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829062.185507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853386.159859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1692563.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829062.185507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853386.159859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64187040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1021337060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085524100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64187040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1021337060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085524100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64187040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1021337060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085524100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1604676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 740636.011603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764992.318534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1604676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 740636.011603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764992.318534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1604676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 740636.011603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764992.318534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.366782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         171179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        49.345344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.635336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.017793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   655.800607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1336.913047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.013681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.320215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.652790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1056                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1056                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3321                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3323                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58025952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1131776067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1189802019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58025952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1131776067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1189802019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58025952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1131776067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1189802019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1056                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1056                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1487844.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819533.719768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837888.745775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1487844.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819533.719768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837888.745775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1487844.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819533.719768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837888.745775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54599898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010078753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064678651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54599898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010078753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064678651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54599898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010078753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064678651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1399997.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731941.125362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750302.079634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1399997.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731941.125362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750302.079634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1399997.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731941.125362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750302.079634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.858968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         138546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.990677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.747671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.250022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   944.002513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1052.858762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.460939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.514091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70164387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1592329058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662493445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70164387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1592329058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1662493445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70164387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1592329058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1662493445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2063658.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798560.209629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819769.943294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2063658.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798560.209629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819769.943294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2063658.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798560.209629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819769.943294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67178700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1417215181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484393881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67178700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1417215181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484393881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67178700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1417215181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484393881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1975844.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710739.809930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731949.645464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1975844.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710739.809930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731949.645464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1975844.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710739.809930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731949.645464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2048                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.562938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         194594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        47.543122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.596391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.991024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   875.234503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1101.741020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.427361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.537959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4064                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4065                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1748654194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1818722194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1748654194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1818722194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1748654194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1818722194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1893729.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870410.250871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888916.028348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1893729.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870410.250871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888916.028348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1893729.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 870410.250871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888916.028348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66818401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1572194364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639012765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66818401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1572194364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639012765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66818401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1572194364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639012765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1805902.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 782575.591837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801081.507820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1805902.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 782575.591837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801081.507820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1805902.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 782575.591837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801081.507820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.863072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         138559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        33.968865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.755791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.875415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   945.478052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1052.753814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.461659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.514040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4044                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4045                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63853081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1599078016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662931097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63853081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1599078016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1662931097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63853081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1599078016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1662931097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              6067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               6076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              6076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995408.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 799938.977489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818774.543082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995408.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 799938.977489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818774.543082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995408.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 799938.977489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818774.543082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61043481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1423551720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484595201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61043481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1423551720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484595201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61043481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1423551720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484595201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907608.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712131.925963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730967.602659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907608.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712131.925963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730967.602659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907608.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712131.925963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730967.602659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         4067                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.934571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         167491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         6115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        27.390188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.006825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.795153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1296.895098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         733.237495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.633250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.358026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1548                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4766                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4767                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                4061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 4067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                4067                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52161632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3855047201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3907208833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8114205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8114205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52161632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3863161406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3915323038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52161632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3863161406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3915323038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              8825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               8834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              8834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1630051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956824.820303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962129.729869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1352367.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1352367.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1630051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 957412.987856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962705.443324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1630051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 957412.987856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962705.443324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            4067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           4067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49351033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3501236350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550587383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7587405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7587405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49351033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3508823755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558174788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49351033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3508823755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558174788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1542219.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 869008.773889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874313.563901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1264567.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1264567.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1542219.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 869596.965304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874889.301205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1542219.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 869596.965304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874889.301205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         4067                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.934494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         167472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         6115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.387081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.013291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.131456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1297.648494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         732.141253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.633617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.357491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4754                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4755                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                4061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 4067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                4067                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57718182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3919337133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3977055315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7427133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7427133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57718182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3926764266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3984482448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57718182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3926764266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3984482448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1697593.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 973264.746213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 979329.060576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1237855.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1237855.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1697593.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 973658.384825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 979710.461765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1697593.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 973658.384825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 979710.461765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                706                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     706                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            4067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           4067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54732982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3565678859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3620411841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6900333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54732982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3572579192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3627312174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54732982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3572579192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3627312174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1609793.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 885442.974671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891507.471312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1150055.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150055.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1609793.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 885836.645673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891888.904352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1609793.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 885836.645673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891888.904352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         4091                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.934413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         167477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         6139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        27.280827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.006695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.970230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1304.331680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         725.625808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.636881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.354309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4759                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4760                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                4085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 4091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4058                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                4091                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66992786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3884613501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3951606287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8424427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8424427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66992786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3893037928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3960030714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66992786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3893037928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3960030714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              8842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               8851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              8851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.462000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.462208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.462208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2030084.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 958690.400049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967345.480294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1404071.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1404071.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2030084.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959348.922622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967985.997067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2030084.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959348.922622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967985.997067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                704                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     704                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            4091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           4091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64095386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3528810321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3592905707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7897627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7897627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64095386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3536707948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3600803334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64095386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3536707948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3600803334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1942284.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 870881.125617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879536.280783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1316271.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1316271.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1942284.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871539.661902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880176.811049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1942284.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871539.661902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880176.811049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.495572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         194227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.600698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.427313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.881564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   523.787799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1456.398896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.255756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.711132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3370                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3372                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101879944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    899838669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1001718613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101879944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    899838669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1001718613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101879944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    899838669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1001718613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2829998.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839401.743470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904078.170578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2829998.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839401.743470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904078.170578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2829998.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839401.743470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904078.170578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98719144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    805685543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904404687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98719144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    805685543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904404687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98719144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    805685543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904404687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2742198.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751572.334888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816249.717509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2742198.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751572.334888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816249.717509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2742198.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751572.334888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816249.717509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3528                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.567553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         137454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        24.659849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.597182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.033903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   940.247577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1073.688891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.459105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.524262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4337                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4338                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3493                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3528                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54048460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3231858040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3285906500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9801175                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9801175                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54048460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3241659215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3295707675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54048460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3241659215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3295707675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.446365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.446105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.446105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544241.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 926830.524806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932966.070415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1633529.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1633529.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544241.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 928044.436015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934157.504252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544241.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 928044.436015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934157.504252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                540                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     540                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50975042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2925631778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2976606820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9274375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9274375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50975042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2934906153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2985881195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50975042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2934906153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2985881195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.446365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.446105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.446105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1456429.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 839011.120734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845146.740488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1545729.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545729.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1456429.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 840225.065273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846338.207200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1456429.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 840225.065273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846338.207200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2075                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.561138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         194586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        47.229612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.457839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.417457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   883.170817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1093.515024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.431236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.533943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4057                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4058                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2074                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75423874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1729174441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1804598315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75423874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1729174441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1804598315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75423874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1729174441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1804598315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2038483.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848882.887089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870105.262777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2038483.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848882.887089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870105.262777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2038483.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848882.887089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870105.262777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1180                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1180                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72175006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1550368734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622543740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72175006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1550368734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622543740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72175006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1550368734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622543740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950675.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761103.944035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782325.814851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950675.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761103.944035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782325.814851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950675.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761103.944035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782325.814851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         4084                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.934777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         6132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        27.312785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.978824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.168622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1298.079616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         731.707714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.633828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.357279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1541                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4764                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                4078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 4084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4049                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                4084                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50990112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3883354378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3934344490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10386682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10386682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50990112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3893741060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3944731172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50990112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3893741060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3944731172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              8840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               8849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              8849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456860.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 960513.078902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964773.048063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1731113.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1731113.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456860.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 961654.991356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965898.915769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456860.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 961654.991356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965898.915769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                709                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     709                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            4084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           4084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47917112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3528305437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3576222549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9859882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9859882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47917112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3538165319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586082431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47917112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3538165319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3586082431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1369060.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872694.889191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876955.014468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1643313.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643313.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1369060.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 873836.828600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878080.908668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1369060.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 873836.828600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878080.908668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.367793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         171183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.346498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.636953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.019256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   655.948761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1336.762823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.013681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.320287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.652716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3323                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3325                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62681906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1117953460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1180635366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62681906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1117953460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1180635366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62681906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1117953460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1180635366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607228.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 809524.590876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831433.356338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607228.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 809524.590876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831433.356338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607228.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 809524.590876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831433.356338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59257223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    996262403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055519626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59257223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    996262403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055519626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59257223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    996262403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055519626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1519415.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 721929.277536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743847.516561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1519415.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 721929.277536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743847.516561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1519415.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 721929.277536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743847.516561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.747237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794681.777778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.576541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67134419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67134419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67134419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67134419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67134419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67134419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561265.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561265.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561265.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561265.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561265.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561265.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51993225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51993225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51993225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51993225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51993225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51993225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1677200.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677200.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1677200.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677200.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1677200.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677200.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221204811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.673986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.315087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.684913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9280503573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9280503573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9283668667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9283668667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9283668667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9283668667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439521.836278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439521.836278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438902.641216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438902.641216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438902.641216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438902.641216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891254794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891254794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891831694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891831694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1891831694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891831694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314161.925914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314161.925914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313788.637253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313788.637253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313788.637253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313788.637253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.723533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076041315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2069310.221154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.723533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1373488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1373488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1373488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1373488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1373488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87364774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87364774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87364774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87364774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87364774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87364774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1373537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1373537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1373537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782954.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1782954.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782954.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1782954.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782954.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1782954.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71006011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71006011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71006011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71006011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71006011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71006011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868579.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868579.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868579.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868579.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868579.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868579.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170137505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26768.015261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.487648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.512352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       964621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       815818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       815818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1780439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1780439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1780439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1780439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8647862810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8647862810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    238793289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    238793289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8886656099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8886656099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8886656099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8886656099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       985457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       985457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       816242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1801699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1801699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1801699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1801699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 415044.289211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415044.289211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 563191.719340                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 563191.719340                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 417998.875776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417998.875776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 417998.875776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417998.875776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6137546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 681949.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2054586392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2054586392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1098981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1098981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2055685373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2055685373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2055685373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2055685373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337703.220250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337703.220250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64645.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64645.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 336942.365678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336942.365678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 336942.365678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336942.365678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.882204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1077603321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2185807.953347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.882204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1479307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1479307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1479307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1479307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1479307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    154952116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154952116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    154952116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154952116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    154952116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154952116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1479356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1479356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1479356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3162288.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3162288.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3162288.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3162288.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3162288.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3162288.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3389094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 847273.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101478491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101478491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101478491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101478491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101478491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101478491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2670486.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2670486.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2670486.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2670486.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2670486.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2670486.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160409442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34100.646684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.777167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.222833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.866317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.133683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1178241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       875473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2053714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2053714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2053714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2053714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602866553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2602866553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9811061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9811061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612677614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2612677614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612677614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2612677614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1189664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       875601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2065265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2065265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227861.906067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227861.906067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76648.914062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76648.914062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226186.270799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226186.270799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226186.270799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226186.270799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1107783774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1107783774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1568030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1568030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1109351804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109351804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1109351804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109351804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 250233.515699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250233.515699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 74668.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74668.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249404.632194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249404.632194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249404.632194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249404.632194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.647550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1074581068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2078493.361702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.647550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1445531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1445531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1445531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1445531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1445531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1445531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78840358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78840358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78840358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78840358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78840358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78840358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1445587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1445587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1445587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1445587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1445587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1445587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1407863.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1407863.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1407863.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1407863.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1407863.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1407863.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68186033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68186033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68186033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68186033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68186033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68186033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1623476.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1623476.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1623476.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1623476.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1623476.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1623476.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164026638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33089.900746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.895347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.104653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.866779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.133221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       995456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       836261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1831717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1831717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1831717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1831717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        15229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        15229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5159505383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5159505383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8571171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8571171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5168076554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5168076554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5168076554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5168076554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1010581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       836365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1846946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1846946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1846946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1846946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341124.322843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341124.322843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82415.105769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82415.105769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339357.577911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339357.577911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339357.577911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339357.577911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1370842739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370842739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1371996539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371996539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1371996539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371996539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 292727.469357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292727.469357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291852.061051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291852.061051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291852.061051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291852.061051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              507.443563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1074583219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2082525.618217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.443563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1447682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1447682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1447682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1447682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1447682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1447682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68036274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68036274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68036274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68036274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68036274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68036274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1447736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1447736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1447736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1447736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1447736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1447736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1259931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1259931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1259931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1259931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1259931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1259931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58490671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58490671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58490671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58490671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58490671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58490671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1426601.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426601.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1426601.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426601.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1426601.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426601.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              164026019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33083.101856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.929173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.070827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.866911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.133089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       995278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       835815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1831093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1831093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1831093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1831093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        15139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        15139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5038650151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5038650151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8254952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8254952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5046905103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5046905103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5046905103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5046905103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1010315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       835917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1846232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1846232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1846232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1846232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 335083.470839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335083.470839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80930.901961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80930.901961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333371.101328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333371.101328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333371.101328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333371.101328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1358518792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1358518792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1170582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1170582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1359689374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359689374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1359689374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359689374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 290033.900939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290033.900939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65032.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65032.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 289172.559336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289172.559336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 289172.559336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289172.559336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              555.122836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001434526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1781911.967972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.069551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.053284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1402257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1402257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1402257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1402257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1402257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76448928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76448928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76448928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76448928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76448928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76448928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1402301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1402301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1402301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1737475.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1737475.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1737475.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1737475.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1737475.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1737475.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70515820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70515820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70515820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70515820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70515820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70515820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2014737.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2014737.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2014737.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2014737.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2014737.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2014737.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              221207107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35218.453590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.539699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.460301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.720858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2074332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2461270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2461270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9129322002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9129322002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3075634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3075634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9132397636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9132397636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9132397636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9132397636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2095340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2482315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2482315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434564.070925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434564.070925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83125.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83125.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 433946.193205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433946.193205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 433946.193205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433946.193205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1872323463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1872323463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1872900363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1872900363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1872900363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1872900363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311223.979887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311223.979887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 310854.832033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310854.832033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 310854.832033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310854.832033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.181635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076041546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2069310.665385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.362948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.818688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1373719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1373719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1373719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96967629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96967629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96967629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96967629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96967629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96967629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1373771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1864762.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1864762.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1864762.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1864762.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1864762.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1864762.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70449632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70449632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70449632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70449632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70449632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70449632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1853937.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853937.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1853937.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853937.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1853937.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853937.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170138237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26882.325328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.450045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.549955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       965501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       815674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       815674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1781175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1781175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1781175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1781175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8749886538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8749886538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241793640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    241793640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8991680178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8991680178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8991680178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8991680178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       986473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       816101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1877                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1802574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1802574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1802574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1802574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 417217.553786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417217.553786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 566261.451991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 566261.451991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 420191.606056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 420191.606056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 420191.606056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 420191.606056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6577052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 597913.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2031408704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2031408704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1164069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2032572773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032572773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2032572773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032572773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335492.766969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335492.766969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334690.066359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334690.066359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334690.066359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334690.066359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              553.301215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001433786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1788274.617857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.247484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.053732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1401517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1401517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76627497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76627497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76627497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76627497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76627497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76627497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1782034.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1782034.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64198204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64198204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64198204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64198204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64198204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64198204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1945400.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945400.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              221206893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35117.779489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.571500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.428500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.720982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.279018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2074119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2461057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2461057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        21073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        21073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9135291628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9135291628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3069565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3069565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9138361193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9138361193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9138361193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9138361193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2095155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2482130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2482130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 434269.425176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434269.425176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82961.216216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82961.216216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 433652.597779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433652.597779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 433652.597779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433652.597779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1880086291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880086291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1880663191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880663191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1880663191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880663191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 311582.083361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311582.083361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 311213.501738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311213.501738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 311213.501738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311213.501738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              569.894030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1108827570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1925047.864583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.630186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.263844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.045882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1300252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1300252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1300252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1300252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1300252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75716626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75716626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75716626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75716626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75716626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75716626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1300305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1300305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1300305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1428615.584906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1428615.584906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1428615.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1428615.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1428615.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1428615.584906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52492776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52492776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52492776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52492776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52492776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52492776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1590690.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590690.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1590690.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590690.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1590690.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590690.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              440466553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 9057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48632.720879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.135820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.864180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.434124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.565876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3399318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3399318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1860008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1860008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5259326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5259326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5259326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5259326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        32156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15825993784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15825993784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31412779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31412779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15857406563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15857406563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15857406563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15857406563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3431436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3431436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1860046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1860046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5291482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5291482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5291482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5291482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492745.307429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492745.307429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 826652.078947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826652.078947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493139.898091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493139.898091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493139.898091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493139.898091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4214013468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4214013468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8356305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8356305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4222369773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222369773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4222369773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222369773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 479300.894904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479300.894904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 928478.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928478.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 479760.228724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479760.228724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 479760.228724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479760.228724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              569.547867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1108821962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1918377.096886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.597953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.949915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.866907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1294644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1294644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1294644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     80036315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80036315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     80036315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80036315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     80036315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80036315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1294702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1379936.465517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1379936.465517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1379936.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1379936.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1379936.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1379936.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58065988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58065988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58065988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58065988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58065988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58065988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1659028.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659028.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1659028.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659028.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1659028.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659028.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              440442207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48705.319805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.142724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.857276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3383330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3383330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1851610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5234940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5234940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5234940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5234940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        32169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        32169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16027068942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16027068942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25914346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25914346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16052983288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16052983288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16052983288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16052983288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3415461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3415461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1851648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1851648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5267109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5267109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5267109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5267109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498803.925866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 498803.925866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 681956.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 681956.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 499020.276913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 499020.276913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 499020.276913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 499020.276913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4277394162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4277394162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7669233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7669233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4285063395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4285063395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4285063395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4285063395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 487285.732741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487285.732741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       852137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       852137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 487659.428132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487659.428132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 487659.428132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487659.428132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              570.500889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1108827256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1921711.015598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.236667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.264222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1299938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1299938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97278136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97278136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97278136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97278136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97278136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97278136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835436.528302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1835436.528302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835436.528302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1835436.528302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835436.528302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1835436.528302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67349556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67349556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67349556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67349556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67349556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67349556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980869.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980869.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980869.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980869.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1980869.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980869.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              440454863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 9073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48545.669900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.126718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.873282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3391930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3391930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1855648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1855648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          973                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5247578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        5247578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5247578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       5247578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        32140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        32140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15888626305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15888626305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37567982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37567982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15926194287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15926194287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15926194287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15926194287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3424032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3424032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1855686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1855686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5279718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5279718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5279718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5279718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 494941.944583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494941.944583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 988631.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988631.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 495525.646764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495525.646764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 495525.646764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495525.646764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4243248640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243248640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8678727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8678727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4251927367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4251927367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4251927367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4251927367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 481749.391462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481749.391462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       964303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 482241.960644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482241.960644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 482241.960644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482241.960644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              486.881090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1077601270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2185803.793103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.881090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1477256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1477256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1477256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1477256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1477256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1477256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    157691957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157691957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    157691957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157691957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    157691957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157691957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1477305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1477305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1477305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1477305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1477305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1477305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3218203.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3218203.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3218203.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3218203.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3218203.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3218203.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3402424                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       850606                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102308241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102308241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102308241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102308241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102308241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102308241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2692322.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692322.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2692322.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692322.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2692322.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692322.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4442                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              160407210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             34143.722861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.783251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.216749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.866341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.133659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1176958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       874524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       874524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2051482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2051482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2051482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2051482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        11523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        11523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2642473417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2642473417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9066031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9066031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2651539448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2651539448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2651539448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2651539448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1188366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       874639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       874639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2063005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2063005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2063005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2063005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 231633.364043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231633.364043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78835.052174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78835.052174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 230108.430791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230108.430791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 230108.430791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230108.430791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14038                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14038                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1126631155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1126631155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1535744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1535744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1128166899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1128166899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1128166899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1128166899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 254836.271206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254836.271206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73130.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73130.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 253977.239757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253977.239757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 253977.239757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253977.239757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.070443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1080512505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2054206.283270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.070443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1326028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1326028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1326028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1326028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1326028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1326028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77807254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77807254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77807254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77807254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77807254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77807254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1326079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1326079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1326079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1326079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1326079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1326079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1525632.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1525632.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1525632.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1525632.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1525632.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1525632.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54405226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54405226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54405226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54405226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54405226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54405226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1511256.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511256.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1511256.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511256.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1511256.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511256.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7830                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              178800196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22112.317091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.340544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.659456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.891955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.108045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       917850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        917850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       758702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       758702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1676552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1676552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1676552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1676552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9129826095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9129826095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93232637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     93232637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9223058732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9223058732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9223058732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9223058732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       938483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       758813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       758813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2208                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1697296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1697296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1697296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1697296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442486.603742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442486.603742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 839933.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 839933.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444613.321057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444613.321057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444613.321057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444613.321057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3545025724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3545025724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10627591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10627591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3555653315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3555653315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3555653315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3555653315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453792.335381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453792.335381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 590421.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 590421.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454106.425926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454106.425926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454106.425926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454106.425926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              513.245881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1076044586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2069316.511538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.245881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1376759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1376759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1376759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1376759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1376759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94094735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94094735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94094735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94094735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94094735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94094735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1376808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1376808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1376808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1920300.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1920300.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1920300.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1920300.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1920300.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1920300.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75799296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75799296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75799296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75799296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75799296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75799296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994718.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994718.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994718.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994718.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994718.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994718.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              170140709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26798.032604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.487675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.512325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       966232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       817409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1783641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1783641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1783641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1783641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        21241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        21241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8484031985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8484031985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    261572316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    261572316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8745604301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8745604301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8745604301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8745604301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       987016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1804882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1804882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1804882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1804882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 408200.153243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408200.153243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 572368.306346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572368.306346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 411732.230168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 411732.230168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 411732.230168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 411732.230168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4680635                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 468063.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2011875150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2011875150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1099085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1099085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2012974235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2012974235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2012974235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2012974235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 331063.871976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331063.871976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64652.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64652.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330320.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330320.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330320.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330320.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              570.227058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1108826808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1915072.207254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.770115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.456943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1299490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1299490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1299490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1299490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1299490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72734197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72734197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72734197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72734197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72734197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72734197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1299546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1299546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1299546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1298824.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1298824.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1298824.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1298824.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1298824.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1298824.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51346054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51346054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51346054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51346054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51346054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51346054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1426279.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426279.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1426279.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426279.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1426279.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426279.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              440462658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 9069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             48567.941118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.133237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.866763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3396520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3396520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1858914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1858914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5255434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        5255434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5255434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       5255434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        32315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        32315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15969054432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15969054432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33751732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33751732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16002806164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16002806164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16002806164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16002806164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3428796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3428796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1858953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1858953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5287749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5287749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5287749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5287749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 494765.597720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494765.597720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 865429.025641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865429.025641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 495212.940244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495212.940244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 495212.940244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495212.940244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4242317046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4242317046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10630922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10630922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4252947968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4252947968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4252947968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4252947968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 481862.454112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481862.454112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1181213.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181213.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 482576.644502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482576.644502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 482576.644502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482576.644502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.448078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1074583387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2082525.943798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.448078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1447850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1447850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1447850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1447850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1447850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1447850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74296720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74296720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74296720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74296720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74296720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74296720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1447908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1447908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1447908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1447908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1447908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1447908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1280977.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1280977.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1280977.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63169363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63169363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63169363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63169363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63169363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63169363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1540716.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540716.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540716.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164026234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33069.805242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.922863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    34.077137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.866886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.133114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       995395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       835913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1831308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1831308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1831308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1831308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        15143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        15143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4961932331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4961932331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8127884                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8127884                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4970060215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4970060215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4970060215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4970060215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1010436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       836015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1846451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1846451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1846451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1846451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 329893.779071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329893.779071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79685.137255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79685.137255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328208.427326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328208.427326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328208.427326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328208.427326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1344831996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1344831996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1345985796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345985796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1345985796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345985796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286989.329065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286989.329065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286136.436224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286136.436224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286136.436224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286136.436224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
