
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 371005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   493886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67765280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30340.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11256343318                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984569759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        63744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        62976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               485376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       189440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            189440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1480                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1480                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17721031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     57680219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     56521982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37874361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13783024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               439203597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           31040761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         171419125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              171419125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         171419125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17721031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     57680219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     56521982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37874361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13783024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              610622722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186739     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956849     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234324                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956296     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240048                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         204336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1145330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            204336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              238049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       111970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          121206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2107352     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11101      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17386      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23313      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          24334      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20626      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11143      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17174      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112972      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2345401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432170                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1937043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       132594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1404128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1942802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         20375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        99671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          232023                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12561                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1402362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1958796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6521698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6521698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1664312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         294484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           39493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       131874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        70001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789899     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227288      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115449      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87996      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68789      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27761      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17802      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1327      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108488     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19668      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119156      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69718      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317193                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.497019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4982394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             181694                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.489583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1295599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1295533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          744938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2008755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.488846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205445                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818015     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242293     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91902      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43535      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36450      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21356      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19072      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8298      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26513      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       970258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1193904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               176814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              108071                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           172193                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1075655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24582                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3680270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2836669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                304786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            970258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1193904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       970258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.731425                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.731425                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.366109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.366109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5837929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1806722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1300122                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         185853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1059341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            185853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       130550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              234601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         54120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        56040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2289416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2054815     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          35912      1.57%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17762      0.78%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          35401      1.55%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10288      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          32937      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           4955      0.22%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8462      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          88884      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2289416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.399723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1948320                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        69577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          233969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1179132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1950134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         45099                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        19379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          232219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1176770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1538563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5325417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5325417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1213681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         324882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           14166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       217165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        32762                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          286                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2289416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1817943     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143632      6.27%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161015      7.03%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92305      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47876      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12466      0.54%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13561      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          328      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2289416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1875     58.28%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          733     22.79%     81.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845718     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8073      0.75%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196164     18.12%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32365      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.408421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002972                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4458477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1402494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         40025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32762                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             225602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         162179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32355                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1052788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1052342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          637559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1371220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.464957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       933428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235668                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2252132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1906639     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134224      5.96%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87357      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27401      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46871      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8649      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5666      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5038      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30287      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2252132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       833453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       933428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              169413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           143571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          814447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3390941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2375491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                360771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            833453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              933428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       833453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.179768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.179768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.314488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.314488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4967941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1368129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1257294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         187169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          516                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1971547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1066027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            187169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       131296                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              236157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         54245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        64583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          120664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2073848     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          36135      1.56%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17842      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          35523      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          10455      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          33115      1.43%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           4970      0.22%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           8556      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          89561      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2310005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.402246                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1958554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        78313                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          235518                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37361                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1187447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37361                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1960407                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         54985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        18131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          233732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         5383                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1184967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1549188                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5364237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5364237                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1224024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         325148                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           14506                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       218200                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        33264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1090929                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233970                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835099     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144697      6.26%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161931      7.01%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92869      4.02%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48438      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12753      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13574      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          350      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1849     57.91%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          732     22.93%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          612     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       852491     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8192      0.75%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       197327     18.09%     96.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32845      3.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1090929                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.411642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3193                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4496065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1411391                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1060603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37361                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218200                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10053                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        17316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1076045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             227017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         163450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            32837                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.406026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1061075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1060603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          642381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1384804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.400199                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       941078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        16163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2272644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1924044     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       135605      5.97%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88044      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27711      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47226      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8763      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5702      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5071      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30478      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2272644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       839621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       941078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               202208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              170201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           144721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          821327                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        30478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3419617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2392292                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 45818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                340182                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            839621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              941078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       839621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.156409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.156409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5005817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1378927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1265102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         150845                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1455382                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts               890258                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            150845                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        71973                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              182491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         51377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       172829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines           91320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16347                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      1845135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1662644     90.11%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           9573      0.52%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          15224      0.83%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          22641      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4           9647      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11398      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12093      0.66%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8471      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          93444      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      1845135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.056919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.335923                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1436180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       192644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          180946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        34148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        24392                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1079216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        34148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1439922                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         70934                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       109729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          178520                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        11879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1076339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          973                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1473141                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5015303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5015303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1204415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         268722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           33653                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       109443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        59967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        12223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1071923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued          996191                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1765                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400146                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1845135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1419029     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173972      9.43%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95484      5.17%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62553      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56757      3.08%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17602      0.95%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12454      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4442      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2842      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1845135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1010     41.93%     53.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1111     46.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820414     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18273      1.83%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98777      9.92%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58617      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total       996191                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.375895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002418                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3841691                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1242828                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses       998600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4491                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          780                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        34148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         57884                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1072160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           38                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          678                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8690                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        18866                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981180                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             151844                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         133058                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            58506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.370230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent               977432                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count              977329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          579074                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1468958                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.368777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394207                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       879946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1810987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1453581     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170824      9.43%     89.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70466      3.89%     93.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35989      1.99%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26942      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15382      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9540      0.53%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7799      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20464      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1810987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       721531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       879946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               141148                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads               85320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           122154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          795615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        17162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        20464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            2863496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2180103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 26554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                805052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            721531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              879946                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       721531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.673005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.673005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.272257                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.272257                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        4452481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1336842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1021544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         185525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16324                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123259                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10623                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1057840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            185525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       130618                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              234285                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         53879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        56549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          119910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15823                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2287660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2053375     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          35799      1.56%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17712      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          35298      1.54%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10303      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          33056      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5030      0.22%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8525      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          88562      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2287660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1946460                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        70175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          233657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        16944                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1177500                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1948284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         47203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        17890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          231913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1175104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1535785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5319207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5319207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1213831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         321954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           14059                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       217267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        32808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1167704                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2287660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1816348     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143436      6.27%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160979      7.04%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92367      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47757      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12580      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13573      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          287      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2287660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1857     58.25%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          731     22.93%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          600     18.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845398     78.10%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8068      0.75%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196571     18.16%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32378      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.408457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4456878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1399961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         42088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1167852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10085                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             225784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         162083                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.402891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1052772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1052295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          637669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1372997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.397064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.464436                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       933551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2250541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904961     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134212      5.96%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87474      3.89%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27373      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46911      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8660      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5628      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5016      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30306      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2250541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       833541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       933551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               200992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              169433                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           143589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          814564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        30306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3388129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2372921                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 45525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                362527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            833541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              933551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       833541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.179432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.179432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.314522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.314522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4968866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1367930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1255826                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         151531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1465075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               895213                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            151531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        72494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              183678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         51682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       160226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           91952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16473                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1843567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1659889     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9638      0.52%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15434      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22893      1.24%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9705      0.53%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11399      0.62%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          12066      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8478      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          94065      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1843567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.057177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.337792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1446445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       179485                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          182147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1085494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1450175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         51884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       116143                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          179706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1082706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1481709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5044837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5044837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1212219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         269490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           33584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       110396                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2974                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1078432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1002412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1843567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1415345     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       174336      9.46%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95997      5.21%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63268      3.43%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57015      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17694      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12508      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4532      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2872      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1843567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.74%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1146     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       825473     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18352      1.83%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99507      9.93%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58969      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1002412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.378242                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3852730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1250268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       983554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1004889                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          791                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         38395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1078675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110396                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        19047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       987473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             152913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         133846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.372605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               983658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              983554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          582365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1476835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.371126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       726083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       885623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16762                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1809265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1449867     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171378      9.47%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70960      3.92%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36396      2.01%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27095      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15499      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9705      0.54%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7888      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20477      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1809265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       726083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       885623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               142028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85858                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          800731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2868255                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2193243                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                806620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            726083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              885623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       726083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.649978                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.649978                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.273974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.273974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4481124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1345465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1027372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         180552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62760                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9769                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1895205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1130246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            180552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        72529                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              223022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         35826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       260886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          110443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2403503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2180481     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           7823      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16603      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           6887      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          36038      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          32593      1.36%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6266      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          13298      0.55%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         103514      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2403503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.426478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1876552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       279924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          222046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        24208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        16074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1324734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        24208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1879578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        241173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        29583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          219979                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1322955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         4202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          193                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1562189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6223056                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6223056                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1346433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         215742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       308344                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       154790                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1318440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1255050                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       305618                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2403503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.522175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.311640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952338     81.23%     81.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       137845      5.74%     86.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111311      4.63%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48658      2.02%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60315      2.51%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56616      2.36%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32188      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2715      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1517      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2403503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3143     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23851     86.12%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          700      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791523     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10969      0.87%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298495     23.78%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153988     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1255050                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.473570                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022066                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4942498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1443761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1242229                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1282744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2313                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        24208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        234880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308344                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154790                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1468                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        12754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             451337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         162953                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           153952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.469763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1242340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1242229                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          672747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1331797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.468733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        11215                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2379295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1951038     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158059      6.64%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73545      3.09%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19729      0.83%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82572      3.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6460      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4570      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11216      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2379295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       998526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1173721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               445503                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              292526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           155111                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1043725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        11419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        11216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3686825                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2661723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                246684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            998526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1173721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       998526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.654099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.654099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.376776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.376776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6144637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1448506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1567557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         232229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1273255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            232229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       107009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              264190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       156485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          126155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2204131     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          15853      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20093      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          32096      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13475      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          17394      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          20024      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9444      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         135811      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2468321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.087628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.480441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1994404                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       169780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          262791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        35002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1555064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1997026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          6122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       157423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          260323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1544204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2156974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7176099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7176099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1769535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         387439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       145987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        74666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505504                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863109     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274661     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112781      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63771      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85735      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27165      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26288      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.97%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207283     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131628      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74297      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540660                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1505879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128984                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             203248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         198346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            74264                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.530606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1393273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1393233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          834978                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2242920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.525713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268800                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889918     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272536     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98704      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49198      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44860      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19035      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18800      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8953      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25147      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1029516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1268800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               188277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115129                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           183952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1142310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26218                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        25147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3907881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3052955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                181858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1029516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1268800                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1029516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.574199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.574199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.388470                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.388470                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6325266                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1948710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1436679                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         232563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1275218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            232563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       107194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              264607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       152081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126377                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2203528     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15896      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20127      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32144      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13493      0.55%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17425      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20050      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9471      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136001      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.481180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1998116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       165426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          263208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1557411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2000740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       153065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          260738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1546548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2160211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7186945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7186945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1772524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         387678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       146206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861849     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275218     11.15%     86.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112948      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63927      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85852      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27190      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13682      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209203     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131840      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74440      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5352946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1711886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             203596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         198659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1395522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1395482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          836309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2246406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888703     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273085     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98861      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49295      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44957      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19053      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18834      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8957      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25181      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1031314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1270936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               188596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           184243                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1144257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3909954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3057668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                182052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1270936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.569719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.569719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6335500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1951808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1438950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1848606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1100048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        93041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              240713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       192341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          115484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20502                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2319997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2079284     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          25517      1.10%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          30132      1.30%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          16308      0.70%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          18167      0.78%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          10941      0.47%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7143      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18773      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         113732      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2319997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.072759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.415083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1832744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       208818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          238456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        31167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1341464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1836151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       179274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          237134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1339652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1864254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6234265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6234265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1562252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         301999                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       128332                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1336040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1254645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2319997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790580     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213391      9.20%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114281      4.93%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79671      3.43%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68961      2.97%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34709      1.50%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8666      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5610      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4128      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2319997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1153     42.42%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1050888     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19406      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115916      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68283      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1254645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.473418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4833675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1519475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1231792                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1257363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         16554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1336401                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128332                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          776                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        23472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1234498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             177093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         172178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.465815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1231890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1231792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          733289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1918988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.464794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       917407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1125682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2282063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821347     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214190      9.39%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89622      3.93%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53662      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36923      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23969      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12581      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9913      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19856      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2282063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       917407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1125682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               170696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              103642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           161139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1014811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        19856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3598612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2710778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                330190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            917407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1125682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       917407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.888780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.888780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5567491                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1712353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1251250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         202803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21306                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20561                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1136366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            202803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        98466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              236202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       123478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2339651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2103449     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11004      0.47%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17254      0.74%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23126      0.99%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          24157      1.03%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20479      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11059      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17049      0.73%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         112074      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2339651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.428787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1922150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       143880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          235570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        33091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1393204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1927870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         21885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       109559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          230214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1391433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1943286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6470905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6470905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1651136                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         292136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           39188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130878                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1388101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1306925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172802                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       422734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2339651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.558598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1788488     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       225507      9.64%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114553      4.90%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87295      3.73%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68255      2.92%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27557      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17668      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9010      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2339651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     13.10%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          842     36.15%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1182     50.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1099846     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19493      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118234      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69190      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1306925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.493144                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4956088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1561234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         18870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1388425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130878                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12529                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24209                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             180309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         182467                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.485767                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1285500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1285434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          739051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1993230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.485035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       962594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1184557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2301981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.514582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1816376     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       240404     10.44%     89.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91193      3.96%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43205      1.88%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36165      1.57%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21189      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18909      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8227      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26313      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2301981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       962594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1184557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               175475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              107250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           170888                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1067211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3664098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2814534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                310536                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            962594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1184557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       962594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.753172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.753172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.363217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.363217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5792329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1792414                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1289973                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         232536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88052                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1275076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            232536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       107181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              264577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       152395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          126359                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2203533     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15895      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20122      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32143      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13492      0.55%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17422      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20048      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9470      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         135985      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2468110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.087743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.481127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1997819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       165735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          263176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1557231                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2000441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       153373                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          260711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1546372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2159961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7186108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7186108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1772346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         387604                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           23478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       146190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861902     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275179     11.15%     86.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112933      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63912      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85840      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27193      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13682      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209081     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131823      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74432      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5352627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1711718                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             203571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         198637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74399                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1395376                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1395336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          836221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2246138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888747     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273049     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98846      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49292      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44954      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19054      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18833      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8956      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25177      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1031216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1270809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               188574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              115295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           184224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1144144                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3909787                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3057356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32243                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                182077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1031216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1270809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1031216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.569963                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.569963                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6334827                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1951602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1438787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         187209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          516                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1972086                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1066245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            187209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       131338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              236210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         54250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        59975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2305992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2069782     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36148      1.57%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17843      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          35536      1.54%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          10455      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          33129      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           4971      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8556      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          89572      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2305992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.402328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1959084                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        73713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          235566                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1187671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1960939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         48918                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        19589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          233790                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1185196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1549453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5365215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5365215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1224260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         325177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           14507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       218263                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        33264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         7151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177483                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1091156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2305992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830994     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144703      6.28%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161987      7.02%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92890      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48438      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12761      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13575      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          350      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2305992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1851     57.90%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          734     22.96%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          612     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       852652     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8192      0.75%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       197393     18.09%     96.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32845      3.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1091156                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.411728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3197                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4492504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1411631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1060829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         43723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218263                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        17317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1076280                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             227087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         163489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            32837                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.406115                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1061299                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1060829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          642523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1384995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.400285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       941278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2268628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1919968     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       135619      5.98%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88064      3.88%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27713      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47239      2.08%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8763      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5702      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5071      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30489      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2268628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       839821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       941278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               202268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              170261                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           144755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          821493                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        11428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        30489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3415810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2392735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 45832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                344195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            839821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              941278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       839821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.155657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.155657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.316891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.316891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5006937                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1379190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1265379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2647736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         149996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1447437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               886477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            149996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        71406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              181772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       172346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           90793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1835809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1654037     90.10%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9593      0.52%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15100      0.82%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          22637      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9580      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11827      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8441      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          93291      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1835809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.334806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1428578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       191832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          180232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        24385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1075155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1432252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         54493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       125698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          177867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1072437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1466652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4998285                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4998285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1198262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         268181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           33282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       109550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        60070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1068185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued          992749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1835809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1412433     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172105      9.37%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94553      5.15%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62554      3.41%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56795      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17679      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12403      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4413      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2874      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1835809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.95%     53.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1143     46.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       816963     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18250      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98755      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58672      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total       992749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.374943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3825542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1239491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       973876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses       995214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         44795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1068425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts       977796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             151870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         132427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            58555                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.369295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               973981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              973876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          576894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1463922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.367815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       717928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       875626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1801840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1446449     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169580      9.41%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70083      3.89%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35956      2.00%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26818      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15279      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9602      0.53%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7851      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20222      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1801840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       717928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       875626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               140524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               84944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           121555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          791739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20222                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            2850629                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2172195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 26350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                811927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              875626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.688024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.688024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.271148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.271148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4437699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1331124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1017799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         185669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10568                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          488                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956290                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1057635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            185669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       130316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              234078                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         54098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        59073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2287107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2053029     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          35737      1.56%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17714      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          35264      1.54%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          10208      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          32908      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           4966      0.22%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8603      0.38%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          88678      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2287107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1943488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        72590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          233441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        16956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1177360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1945308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         43631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        23837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          231713                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1174968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1535618                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5317821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5317821                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1211426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         324111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           14274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       217338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        32657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         6942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1167377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1080814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2287107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1816763     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142918      6.25%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160699      7.03%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92190      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47834      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12543      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13533      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          337      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2287107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1866     58.11%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          736     22.92%     81.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844104     78.10%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8035      0.74%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196372     18.17%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32230      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1080814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.407826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3211                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002971                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4453068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1400714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1050549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1084025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        48062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         38593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1167525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1065945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193161                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             225385                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         161904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            32224                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.402215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1051048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1050549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          636600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1370314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.464565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       832151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       931822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2249789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1905023     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       133808      5.95%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87228      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27361      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46835      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8622      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5630      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5011      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30271      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2249789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       832151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       931822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               200740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              169274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           143346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          812994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        11221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3387041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2372434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                363080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            832151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              931822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       832151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.184743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.184743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.313997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.313997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4960237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1365636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1255306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.398773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911189.044118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911189.044118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911189.044118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.024540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.808824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.024540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.808824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.024540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.808824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.077225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.077225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.618153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    60.442861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1944.938986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.949677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109392188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      109392188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     109392188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86553810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86553810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86553810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715320.743802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722490.896296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715320.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722490.896296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715320.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722490.896296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          166                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          47133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        21.288618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.261389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    85.483211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1916.255400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.935672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   282                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 166                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132738668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      132738668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     132738668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.370536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.370536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.370536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 22                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      22                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          47129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        21.267599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.063580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    85.337714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1916.598706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.041669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.935839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          278                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   278                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9306469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119401940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     128708409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9306469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119401940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      128708409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9306469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119401940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     128708409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 715882.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 770335.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 766121.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 715882.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 770335.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 766121.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 715882.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 770335.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 766121.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8163864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    105789796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113953660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8163864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    105789796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113953660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8163864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    105789796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113953660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 627989.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 682514.812903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678295.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 627989.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 682514.812903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678295.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 627989.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 682514.812903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678295.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          517                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2043.714589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          86012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        33.572209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks         120.820747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.198541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.738432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1686.956868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.058995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.005956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.109247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.823709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.997908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   317                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 511                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11047674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    465082160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     476129834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35498955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35498955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11047674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    500581115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      511628789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11047674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    500581115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     511628789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.591495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.598226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.611043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.617150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.611043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.617150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 849821.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1013250.893246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008749.648305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 910229.615385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 910229.615385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 849821.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1005182.961847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1001230.506849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 849821.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1005182.961847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1001230.506849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9906274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    424779158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434685432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32074755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32074755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9906274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    456853913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466760187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9906274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    456853913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466760187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.591495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.611043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.611043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 762021.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 925444.788671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920943.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 822429.615385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 822429.615385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 762021.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917377.335341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913425.023483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 762021.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917377.335341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913425.023483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          47134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        21.269856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.229748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    86.617978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1915.152274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.042294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.935133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             44                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  44                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          282                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   282                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8550540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     136610548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8550540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      136610548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8550540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     136610548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.373333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.373333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.373333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 657733.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 826193.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813158.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 657733.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 826193.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813158.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 657733.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 826193.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813158.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 22                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      22                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114451008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121860148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114451008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121860148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114451008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121860148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 569933.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 738393.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725358.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 569933.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 738393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725358.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 569933.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 738393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725358.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          507                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.566332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.704545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.020703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.214416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   221.516970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1688.814243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.108163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.824616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   318                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 501                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11732682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    446760110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     458492792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29522968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29522968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11732682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    476283078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      488015760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11732682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    476283078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     488015760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.585938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.592830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.611722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.611722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       902514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 992800.244444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990265.209503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 776920.210526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 776920.210526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       902514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 975989.913934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 974083.353293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       902514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 975989.913934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 974083.353293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10591282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    407240819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417832101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26185687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26185687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10591282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    433426506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444017788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10591282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    433426506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    444017788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.585938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       814714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 904979.597778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902445.142549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 689097.026316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689097.026316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       814714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 888169.069672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886263.049900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       814714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 888169.069672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886263.049900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          341                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         112038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.897447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.133818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   174.105674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1854.760509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.085013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.905645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   387                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 341                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11137313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302115782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     313253095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11137313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302115782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      313253095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11137313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302115782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     313253095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.468407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.468407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.468407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 795522.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923901.474006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918630.777126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 795522.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923901.474006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918630.777126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 795522.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923901.474006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918630.777126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9908113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    273402578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283310691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9908113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    273402578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    283310691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9908113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    273402578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    283310691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 707722.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836093.510703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830823.140762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 707722.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836093.510703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830823.140762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 707722.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836093.510703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830823.140762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.078762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.078762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.192852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    32.130051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1951.677098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.015689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.952967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98569172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65964922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164534094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98569172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65964922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      164534094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98569172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65964922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     164534094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3520327.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929083.408451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1661960.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3520327.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929083.408451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1661960.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3520327.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929083.408451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1661960.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96110672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59730806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155841478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96110672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59730806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155841478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96110672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59730806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155841478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3432524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841278.957746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574156.343434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3432524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841278.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574156.343434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3432524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841278.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574156.343434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.077056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.226221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    32.238574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1951.535205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.015741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      168537598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102039817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159800456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102039817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159800456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102039817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159800456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644279.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614146.020202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644279.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614146.020202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644279.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614146.020202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.778116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        59.219545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.221730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.518245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    83.816129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1864.222012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.040926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.910265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   377                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     229083944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      229083944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     229083944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          133                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.075739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         115810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        53.099496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.075739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.621660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    59.889944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1945.488396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.029243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.949946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 133                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10598107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106773682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     117371789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10598107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106773682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      117371789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10598107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106773682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     117371789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 757007.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 897257.831933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882494.654135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 757007.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 897257.831933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882494.654135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 757007.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 897257.831933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882494.654135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 62                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      62                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9368657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96319453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105688110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9368657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96319453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105688110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9368657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96319453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105688110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 669189.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 809407.168067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794647.443609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 669189.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 809407.168067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794647.443609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 669189.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 809407.168067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794647.443609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.077055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.229930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    32.231444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1951.538627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.015738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.952900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97749036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62876772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160625808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97749036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62876772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      160625808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97749036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62876772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     160625808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3491037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885588.338028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1622482.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3491037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885588.338028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1622482.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3491037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885588.338028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1622482.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95290417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56642533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151932950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95290417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56642533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151932950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95290417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56642533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151932950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3403229.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 797782.154930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1534676.262626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3403229.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 797782.154930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1534676.262626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3403229.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 797782.154930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1534676.262626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          47129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        21.267599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.065995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    85.218865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1916.715140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.041611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.935896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          278                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   278                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9771892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118381416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     128153308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9771892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118381416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      128153308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9771892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118381416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     128153308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       751684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763751.070968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 762817.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       751684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763751.070968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 762817.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       751684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763751.070968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 762817.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8630492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104770275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113400767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8630492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104770275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113400767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8630492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104770275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113400767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       663884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 675937.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675004.565476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       663884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 675937.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675004.565476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       663884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 675937.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675004.565476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          511                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2043.330652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.676977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.522551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.193959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.364564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1688.249579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.108088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.824341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 505                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12434843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    447443052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459877895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36239318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36239318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12434843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483682370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      496117213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12434843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483682370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     496117213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 956526.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 985557.383260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984749.239829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 953666.263158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953666.263158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 956526.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 983094.247967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982410.322772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 956526.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 983094.247967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982410.322772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11293394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407660031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418953425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32902374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32902374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11293394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440562405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451855799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11293394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440562405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451855799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 868722.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 897929.583700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897116.541756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 865851.947368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865851.947368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 868722.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895452.042683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894763.958416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 868722.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895452.042683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894763.958416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          47125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        21.275395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.081666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    83.511036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1918.407299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.040777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.936722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   274                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10158611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127816849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137975460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10158611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127816849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      137975460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10158611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127816849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     137975460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.378685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.378685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.378685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 781431.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829979.538961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826200.359281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 781431.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829979.538961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826200.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 781431.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829979.538961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826200.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9017188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    114286564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123303752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9017188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    114286564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123303752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9017188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    114286564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123303752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 693629.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 742120.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738345.820359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 693629.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 742120.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738345.820359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 693629.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 742120.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738345.820359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310905544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310905544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310905544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310905544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310905544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310905544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486060.639229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486060.639229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486060.639229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486060.639229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486060.639229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486060.639229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.683916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.683916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.683916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.683916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.683916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.683916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.617039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              731814853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1496553.891616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.617039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         121187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        121187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       121206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       121206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              110541891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             169283.140888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   144.348222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   111.651778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.563860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.436140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         150421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        150421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        68434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.260356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              627186599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1163611.500928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.260356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              147689450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             213732.923300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   139.200857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   116.799143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.543753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.456247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       177648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         209052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        209052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       210548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       210548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              538.062546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              627187192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1163612.601113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.062546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         120651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        120651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9550869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9550869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9550869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9550869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9550869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9550869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       120664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       120664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 734682.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 734682.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 734682.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 734682.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 734682.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 734682.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9414369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9414369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9414369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9414369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9414369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9414369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 724182.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724182.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 724182.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724182.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 724182.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724182.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              147690594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             214354.998549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   138.519683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   117.480317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.541093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.458907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       178337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        178337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       210196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         210196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       210196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        210196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631874579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    631874579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631874579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631874579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631874579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    631874579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       179851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        31859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       211710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       211710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       211710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       211710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 417354.411493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417354.411493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 417354.411493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417354.411493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 417354.411493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417354.411493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    138911299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138911299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    138911299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138911299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    138911299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138911299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320811.314088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320811.314088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320811.314088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320811.314088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320811.314088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320811.314088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.578356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735382287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1464904.954183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.578356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        91300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        91300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total          91300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst        91300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total         91300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     18048815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18048815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     18048815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18048815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     18048815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18048815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        91320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        91320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total        91320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst        91320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total        91320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 902440.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902440.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 902440.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 902440.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 902440.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 902440.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11155591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11155591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11155591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11155591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11155591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11155591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 858122.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858122.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 858122.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858122.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 858122.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858122.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              122563889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             114438.738562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   181.569087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    74.430913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.709254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.290746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        68660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        55219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         123879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        123879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1261087473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1261087473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    285085538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285085538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1546173011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1546173011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1546173011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1546173011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       126124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       126124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.027355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.017800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.017800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 653074.817711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653074.817711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 907915.726115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907915.726115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 688718.490423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 688718.490423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 688718.490423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 688718.490423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    490161214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    490161214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35822655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35822655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    525983869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    525983869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    525983869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    525983869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 631651.048969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631651.048969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918529.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918529.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 645378.980368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645378.980368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 645378.980368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645378.980368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              538.228715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              627186437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1163611.200371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.228715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         119896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        119896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9729078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9729078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9729078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9729078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9729078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9729078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       119910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       119910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 694934.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694934.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8658808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8658808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8658808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8658808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8658808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8658808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 666062.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666062.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              147689499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             213116.160173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   139.858080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   116.141920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.546321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.453679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       177689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         209101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        209101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    649678015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    649678015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    649678015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    649678015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    649678015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    649678015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       179179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       210591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       210591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436025.513423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436025.513423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147846971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147846971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147846971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147846971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147846971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147846971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338322.588101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338322.588101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.598196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735382919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464906.213147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.598196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          91932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         91932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15610132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15610132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15610132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15610132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15610132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15610132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        91952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        91952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 780506.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 780506.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 780506.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 780506.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 780506.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 780506.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11840582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11840582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11840582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11840582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11840582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11840582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       910814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       910814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       910814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       910814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       910814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       910814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122564729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             115409.349341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   182.221843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    73.778157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.711804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.288196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        69173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         124719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        124719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1188883930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1188883930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    268936527                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    268936527                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1457820457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1457820457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1457820457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1457820457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 623758.620147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623758.620147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 819928.435976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819928.435976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 652560.634288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 652560.634288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 652560.634288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 652560.634288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    471800824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471800824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29838368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29838368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    501639192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501639192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    501639192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501639192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 614323.989583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 614323.989583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 785220.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785220.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 622381.131514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622381.131514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 622381.131514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622381.131514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.132706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750118259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1346711.416517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.132706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         110427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        110427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13139102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13139102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13139102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13139102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13139102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13139102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       110443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       110443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 821193.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821193.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 821193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 821193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821193.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11254548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11254548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11254548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11254548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11254548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11254548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 803896.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803896.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 803896.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803896.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 803896.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803896.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              281231023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             289928.889691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   100.503343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   155.496657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.392591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.607409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       280436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         433263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        433263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1315803996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1315803996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1315803996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1315803996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1315803996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1315803996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       283097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       152827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       435924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       435924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 494477.262683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494477.262683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 494477.262683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494477.262683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 494477.262683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494477.262683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331135166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331135166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331135166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331135166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331135166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331135166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 463774.742297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463774.742297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 463774.742297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463774.742297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 463774.742297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463774.742297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              477.390707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              735286953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1516055.573196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.390707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.035883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         126112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        126112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    144903300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144903300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    144903300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144903300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    144903300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144903300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       126153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       126153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3534226.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3534226.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3534226.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3534226.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3534226.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3534226.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2252141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 450428.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98930908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98930908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98930908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98930908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98930908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98930908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3297696.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3297696.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3297696.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3297696.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3297696.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3297696.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              106637849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             173677.278502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   131.376931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   124.623069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.513191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.486809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        98985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        72780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         171765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        171765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199040917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199040917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       542294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199583211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199583211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199583211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199583211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        99909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 215412.247835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215412.247835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77470.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77470.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84997199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84997199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       133307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     85130506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85130506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     85130506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85130506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 238756.176966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238756.176966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66653.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66653.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              477.428258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735287176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516056.032990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.428258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.035943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2255601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 375933.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106638162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             173677.788274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   131.671233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   124.328767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.514341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.485659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.012507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              732330594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1444439.041420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.012507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.030469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         115445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        115445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       115484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       115484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              115432573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             144290.716250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   160.627915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    95.372085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.627453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.372547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        79529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       146187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         146187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       146187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        146187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    775731488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    775731488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28198440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28198440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    803929928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    803929928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    803929928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    803929928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        66721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432162.388858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432162.388858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447594.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447594.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205658213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205658213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205850513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205850513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205850513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205850513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 380144.571165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380144.571165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              488.620548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              731813919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1496551.981595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.620548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12229094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12229094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12229094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12229094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12229094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12229094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 764318.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 764318.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10714991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10714991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10714991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10714991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10714991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10714991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 765356.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765356.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              110540748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             170587.574074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   143.903447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   112.096553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.562123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.437877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       149282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         149282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       149282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        149282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    461313130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461313130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    461313130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    461313130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    461313130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    461313130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       150576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       150576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 356501.646059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356501.646059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 356501.646059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 356501.646059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 356501.646059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 356501.646059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125425025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125425025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125425025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125425025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125425025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125425025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 319961.798469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319961.798469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 319961.798469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319961.798469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 319961.798469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319961.798469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              477.431752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735287157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1516055.993814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.431752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.035948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         126316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        126316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    142845684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142845684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    142845684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142845684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    142845684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142845684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       126357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       126357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3484041.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3484041.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3484041.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3484041.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3484041.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3484041.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2255603                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 375933.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98110957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98110957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98110957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98110957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98110957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98110957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3270365.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3270365.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3270365.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3270365.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3270365.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3270365.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              106638142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             173677.755700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   131.648961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   124.351039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.514254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.485746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         172054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        172054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    193704596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193704596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       542189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    194246785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    194246785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    194246785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    194246785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       100070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209637.008658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209637.008658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77455.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77455.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 208643.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208643.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 208643.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208643.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     81909272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81909272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       133292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82042564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82042564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82042564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82042564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 230082.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230082.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        66646                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66646                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 229169.173184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229169.173184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 229169.173184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229169.173184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              538.064962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              627187222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1163612.656772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.064962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10016292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10016292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10016292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10016292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10016292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10016292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       770484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       770484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       770484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9879792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9879792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9879792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9879792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9879792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9879792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       759984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       759984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       759984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              147690664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             214355.100145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   138.529199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   117.470801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.541130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.458870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       178407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        178407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       210266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         210266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       210266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        210266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    609281448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    609281448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    609281448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    609281448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    609281448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    609281448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       179921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        31859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       211780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       211780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       211780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       211780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402431.603699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 402431.603699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402431.603699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    137892798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137892798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    137892798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137892798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    137892798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137892798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318459.117783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318459.117783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318459.117783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.569349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735381760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464903.904382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.569349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18088151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18088151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18088151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18088151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     18088151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18088151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 904407.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904407.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 904407.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904407.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 904407.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904407.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12542743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12542743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12542743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12542743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12542743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12542743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 964826.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964826.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 964826.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964826.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 964826.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964826.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122563532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             115408.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   181.418813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    74.581187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.708667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.291333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1257342461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1257342461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    308714373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308714373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1566056834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1566056834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1566056834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1566056834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 642484.650485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642484.650485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 961727.018692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961727.018692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 687470.076383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687470.076383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 687470.076383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687470.076383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    471231425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471231425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36554718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36554718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507786143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507786143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507786143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507786143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 611988.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611988.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 961966.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961966.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628448.196782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628448.196782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628448.196782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628448.196782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              538.080633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              627186292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1163610.931354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.080633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10403695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10403695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10403695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10403695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10403695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10403695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 800284.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800284.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10267195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10267195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10267195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10267195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10267195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10267195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 789784.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789784.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              147689216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             215919.906433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   136.954198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   119.045802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.534977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.465023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       177499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         208818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        208818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    655340217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655340217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    655340217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    655340217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    655340217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    655340217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       178979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        31319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       210298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       210298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442797.443919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442797.443919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442797.443919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442797.443919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442797.443919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442797.443919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    147062257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147062257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    147062257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147062257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    147062257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147062257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343603.404206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343603.404206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343603.404206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343603.404206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343603.404206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343603.404206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
