
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132124                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132124124808                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697422556635                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 300826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2123007                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62234.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18721762318                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23817071841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2667264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1794816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2798848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1304448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4442624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      5193600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4430080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4438144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1800064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4415872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2679680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2809728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2666240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1304320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2674944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             49930496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11635072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11635072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        14022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        21866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        34708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        40575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        34673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        34499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        21951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        10190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        34618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                390082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           90899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                90899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20187562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13584317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21183474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        39720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9872898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        36814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     33624624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39308491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33529683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33590716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13624037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33422148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        34876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20281535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        34876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21265821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        32939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20179812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        41658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9871929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33537433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        33908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20245689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               377905973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        39720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        36814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        34876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        34876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        32939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        41658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        33908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             595803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          88061677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               88061677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          88061677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        32939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20187562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13584317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21183474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        39720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9872898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        36814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     33624624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        39720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39308491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33529683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        35845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33590716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13624037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        38751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33422148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        34876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20281535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        34876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21265821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        32939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20179812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        41658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9871929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        36814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33537433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        33908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20245689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              465967650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14500010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14214592                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52292                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230406099                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123945278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15525411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27625138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5723061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9427106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13944350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271432240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243807102     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4206363      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134474      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4159784      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1334288      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842029      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607925      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988472      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10351803      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271432240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228397324                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11488939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27570203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3953496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138663987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38319                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3953496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228628315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7404479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3350025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27339025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       756896                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138459173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       569087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181479035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627588688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627588688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34444703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1796638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24955708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066775                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925306                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137749424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18677                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128943266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24981897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51156731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271432240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214936275     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17746879      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18938437      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10955191      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5681879      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420730      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680346      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39326      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33177      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271432240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215344     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88574     23.51%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72881     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101123915     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012885      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765186     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032090      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128943266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376799                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529778555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162750332                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125660758                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129320065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5117642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100830                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6575546                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92051                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137768203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24955708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066775                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9419                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46010                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2627                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1843923                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127310668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26475532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19342352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125689927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125660758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76025062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165707692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458790                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25157801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728564                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267478744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225521057     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16502014      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566407      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353690      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5529811      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081865      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686080      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627528      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610292      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267478744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401641855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279504235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5144187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45412185                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.168444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.168444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591720981                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163749325                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147223636                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       24477129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20027239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2393156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10334491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9661532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2531840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    235894060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            136794164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          24477129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12193372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            28578721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6502243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     12849009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        14428883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2394623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    281399801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      252821080     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1339002      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2119395      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2868297      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2951817      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2496182      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1407360      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2072047      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13324621      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    281399801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077253                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431739                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      233463214                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     15300620                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28525783                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        32580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4077603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      4029287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    167885283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4077603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      234105992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2194631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     11619977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27922662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1478933                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    167820325                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       221159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       633801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    234154440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    780714901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    780714901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    203325610                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30828830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41966                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4359698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15726280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8516202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      2011136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        167612883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       159305978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18328665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43699156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1808                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281399801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    213976416     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27730926      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14052090      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10583018      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8325368      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3370466      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2108880      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1106360      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       146277      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281399801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30232     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97068     36.73%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136978     51.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    133984185     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2373702      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19984      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14439204      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8488903      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    159305978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264278                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600297897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    185984306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156923220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    159570256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324802                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2517955                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          647                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4077603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1834492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167655160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15726280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8516202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21982                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          647                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1395438                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1339313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2734751                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157114902                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13588176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2191076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22076753                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       22333313                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8488577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            156923470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           156923220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        90077403                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       242721017                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495269                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118526522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    145844850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21810329                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2423434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277322198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217498987     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29643615     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11207760      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5341007      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500290      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581668      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2258859      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1020056      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3269956      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277322198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    118526522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    145844850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21610741                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            13208325                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             20108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         21031367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       131404032                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      3003217                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3269956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          441706615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         339388027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3574499                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              35444624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         118526522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           145844850                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    118526522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.673194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.673194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      707163083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     218590056                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     155626660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        40270                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23299522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19107368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2282592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9701642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9105889                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2391058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222384813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132373551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23299522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11496947                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29122083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6479280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     20532353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13700615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2267650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    276197504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      247075421     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3158749      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3654966      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2006927      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2307395      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1276238      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         869758      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2252735      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13595315      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    276197504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      220576959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     22374297                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28878400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       230812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4137032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3781621                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        21226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    161591064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts       104238                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4137032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      220930157                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7565650                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     13821021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28766880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       976760                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    161491094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       251056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       451038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    224428820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    751846684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    751846684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    191719423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       32709390                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42397                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2613294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15417690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8394436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1861181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        161239445                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152419618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214649                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20085681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46356587                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4834                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276197504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211970046     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25837675      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13884801      5.03%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9601167      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8395741      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4293459      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1044240      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669859      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500516      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276197504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40280     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138719     42.48%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147530     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127589008     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380871      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18670      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14095444      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8335625      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152419618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            326529                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581577918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181369047                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149883198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    152746147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2715420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          972                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       176955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3281                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4137032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       7027954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161282066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15417690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8394436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23680                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1324881                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1278330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2603211                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150169260                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13235493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2250358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21569209                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21016966                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8333716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473953                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            149885598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           149883198                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89073017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       233298781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112582282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    138124650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23158862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2295641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272060472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215631955     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26165711      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10968613      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6593791      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4559626      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2947771      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1526067      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1228925      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2438013      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272060472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    112582282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    138124650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20919751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12702270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18786                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19769285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       124523567                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2810153                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2438013                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          430905217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         326704146                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3406353                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              40646921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         112582282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           138124650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    112582282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.814336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.814336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677388502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208022824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     150806964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        37618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       27481731                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22879345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2496515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10567281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10063945                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2954581                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239189616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            150823352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          27481731                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13018526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            31430527                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6936358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     21679248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        14850154                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2385599                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    296721883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      265291356     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1928760      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2430728      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3869934      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1612593      0.54%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2084077      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2441224      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1115045      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       15948166      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    296721883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      237789095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     23221089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        31279069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        16275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4416350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      4184776                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          804                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    184307321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3916                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4416350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      238032076                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        774374                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     21768335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        31052595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       678143                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    183170466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        97500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       473299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    255812363                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    851773399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    851773399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    214248782                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       41563568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        44522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23296                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2379331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     17128457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8980821                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      2090423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        178851077                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44678                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       171675128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21533644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43689528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1870                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296721883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223959184     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33164523     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13626437      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7597511      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10272983      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3174978      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3116527      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678706      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131034      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296721883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182370     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158373     10.61%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152385     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144608628     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2351197      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21225      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15742138      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8951940      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    171675128                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493129                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008697                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641736045                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200430315                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167219783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    173168257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129366                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3187871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          919                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       128367                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4416350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        587872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178895759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       138945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17128457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8980821                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23297                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64055                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          919                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1481028                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1398441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2879469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168693407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15488122                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2981717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           24439069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       23853211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8950947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532417                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            167220441                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           167219783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers       100186934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       269011248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124670939                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    153620156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25276318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42808                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2517728                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292305533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227302029     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32935414     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11955044      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5970381      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5447256      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293638      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2263933      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080005      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3057833      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292305533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    124670939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    153620156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             22793031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            13940577                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             21356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         22261063                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       138308406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      3169783                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3057833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          468143316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         362209346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3620256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20122542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         124670939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           153620156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    124670939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      759110976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     233614588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     170536012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        42772                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316844418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22317494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18249223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2180882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9451028                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8829193                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2298566                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216791830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            126536254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22317494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11127759                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26531635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6312288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     10038271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13328602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2195168                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    257444784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      230913149     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1438770      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2271795      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3607999      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1512321      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1699294      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1782434      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1169069      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13049953      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    257444784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.399364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      214759594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     12086728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26449268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        66639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4082553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3660572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    154533415                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4082553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      215073094                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2381947                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      8747000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26208160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       952028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    154433339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        48489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       263719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       343997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        80021                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    214376439                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    718377134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    718377134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    183275344                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       31101095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        40144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22422                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2771250                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14731282                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7919559                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       239140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1798422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        154226867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40264                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       146119346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19295666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42763085                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4530                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257444784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195773767     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24785558      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13547826      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9210103      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8612395      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2487192      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1921555      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       658147      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448241      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257444784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33959     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102599     38.25%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131640     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122407635     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2306167      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17717      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13509841      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7877986      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    146119346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.461171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            268198                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    550135308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173564416                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143788309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    146387544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       445480                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2636368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          396                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1650                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231352                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9070                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4082553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1469006                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154267288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14731282                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7919559                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1650                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1277670                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1240816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2518486                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    144053525                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12711421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2065821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20587557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20282746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7876136                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.454651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            143789257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           143788309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        84071635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       219566342                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.453814                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107651598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    131951317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22316552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35734                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2227671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253362231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199798648     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25936903     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10100395      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5441603      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4077105      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2274371      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1402098      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1252912      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3078196      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253362231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    107651598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    131951317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19783121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12094914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18940823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       118897749                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2680228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3078196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          404551189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         312618503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3511729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              59399634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         107651598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           131951317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    107651598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.943239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.943239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.339762                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.339762                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      649640071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     199308250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     144152737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316844424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21388349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19300317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1119814                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8199784                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7661172                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1179201                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49734                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227029300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            134404467                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21388349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8840373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26597839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3525958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     31642728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13023255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1124888                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    287647927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      261050088     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         948893      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1946445      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         835041      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4417353      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3933526      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         765593      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1586506      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12164482      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    287647927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      224687091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     33998344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26500878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        83984                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2377625                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1876809                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    157628049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2377625                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      224985706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      31578240                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1396206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26321139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       989006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    157540137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       506434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       325219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11325                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    184901442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    741939136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    741939136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    164056067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       20845375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2284498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     37187075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     18816153                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172224                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       910192                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        157237522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18347                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       151186918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        94842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12131249                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29053630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287647927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233344428     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16589663      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13407636      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5797430      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7249265      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6859171      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3897204      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311486      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191644      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287647927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380042     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2903928     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84638      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94825800     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318617      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9051      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36273250     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18760200     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    151186918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3368608                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593485213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169391092                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149885416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    154555526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1446954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          577                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3983                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       128643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13323                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2377625                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      30808928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157255962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37187075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18816153                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          138                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3983                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       656283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1314988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150132859                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36146176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1054059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           54904470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19669017                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         18758294                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473838                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            149889332                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           149885416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        80956769                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       159760136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121774852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    143106280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14166936                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1144591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285270302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233172897     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19171612      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8928756      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8786430      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2430199      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10053584      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763548      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558346      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1404930      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285270302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    121774852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    143106280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             54427631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            35740121                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18897344                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       127256309                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1386043                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1404930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          441138224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         316924308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4873021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              29196497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         121774852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           143106280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    121774852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.601887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.601887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384336                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384336                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      742201206                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     174037996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     187682484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22253660                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18196422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2174241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9431932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8805679                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2290909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216146843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            126173360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22253660                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11096588                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26459975                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6290594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      9971856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13289237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2188529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    256646906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      230186931     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1437681      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2269937      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3598555      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1506797      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1691227      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1776814      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1164507      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13014457      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    256646906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398219                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      214116590                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12017936                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26378364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        66283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4067731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3650844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    154091410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3156                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4067731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      214431071                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2440535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      8623194                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26135631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       948742                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    153991158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        48637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       263442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       342888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        78701                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    213767819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    716327496                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    716327496                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    182770939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30996880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        39855                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2767535                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14688357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7896391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1791988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        153778461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39974                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       145700281                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19216662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42621936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256646906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195150851     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24715068      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13507715      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9191383      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8583144      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2479190      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1916392      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656548      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446615      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256646906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33835     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101799     38.18%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       130999     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122057130     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2299673      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17668      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13470713      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7855097      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    145700281                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548497468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173036705                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143375325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    145966914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       442625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2626651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          388                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1639                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9030                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4067731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1527453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153818579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14688357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7896391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98208                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1639                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1273371                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1237000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2510371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143640574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12675145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2059707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20528379                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20227618                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7853234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            143376215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           143375325                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        83835700                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       218937873                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382920                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107355349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    131588461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22230672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35635                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2220797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252579175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199164881     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25864931     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10069298      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5430567      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4064543      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2266455      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1397017      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1251180      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3070303      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252579175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    107355349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    131588461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19728846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12061706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18888758                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118570799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2672879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3070303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          403327290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         311706217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3500535                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              60197519                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         107355349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           131588461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    107355349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.951361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.951361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      647767898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     198741276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143738012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22274093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18212690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2177932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9405121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8812113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2294499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97241                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216479496                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            126303125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22274093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11106612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26481879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6296682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     10048194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13308934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2192170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    257080149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      230598270     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1432019      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2269607      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3605255      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1507135      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1692432      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1778870      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1172620      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13023941      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    257080149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.398628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      214450374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12093456                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26399689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        66545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4070083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3654557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    154254850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4070083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      214759775                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2430895                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      8708023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26162323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       949048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154161019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        39156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       263842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       344195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        76424                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    214010849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    717109749                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    717109749                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    183031863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30978965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39929                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2772982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14703587                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7908186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1795460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        153965166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40048                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       145900491                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19205174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42563256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4363                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257080149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195499504     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24749586      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13524970      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9202705      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8598534      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2481445      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919948      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       655855      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447602      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257080149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33911     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102192     38.21%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131322     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122225655     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2302603      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17693      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13487663      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7866877      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    145900491                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549332016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173211999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143572713                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    146167916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444209                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2624723                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          429                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1641                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230173                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9078                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4070083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1519192                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154005366                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14703587                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7908186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22222                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1641                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1277819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1236893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2514712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143836249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12690433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2064242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20555383                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20254096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7864950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.453965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            143573621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           143572713                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        83943655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       219226077                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107508615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    131776128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22229821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2224546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253010066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199520430     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25901731     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10084459      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5433816      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4071771      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2271336      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1399730      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1252457      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3074336      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253010066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    107508615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    131776128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19756877                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12078864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18915683                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       118739878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2676671                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3074336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          403940964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         312082220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3505791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              59764276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         107508615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           131776128                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    107508615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.947154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.947154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      648649804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     199014930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143892645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35652                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       24563436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20097156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2392188                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10185749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9674978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2537830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109369                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236345844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            137370993                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          24563436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12212808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            28677139                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6529596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     12680603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14456499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2394084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    281810122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      253132983     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1340814      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2123357      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2873778      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2957601      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2504317      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1413917      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2075006      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13388349      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    281810122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077525                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      233910977                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     15136894                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        28623464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        32950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4105836                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      4044855                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          392                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    168543469                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4105836                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      234556062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2157127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11489548                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        28018589                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1482957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    168479536                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       221238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       635667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    235072505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    783831142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    783831142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    203875188                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       31197317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4371650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15759983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8549081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100403                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      2063508                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        168267739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41813                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       159805189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        22007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18576726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44497544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281810122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214171134     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27829473      9.88%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14084652      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10617810      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8353835      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3384526      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2113026      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108472      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147194      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281810122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30267     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97195     36.67%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137620     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134396841     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389042      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20038      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14477171      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8522097      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    159805189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504365                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265082                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601707589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186886928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157429364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    160070271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       329682                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2515989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          653                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4105836                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1795801                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145414                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168309717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15759983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8549081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122435                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          653                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390490                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1345244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2735734                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157621027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13624596                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2184162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22146367                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22398934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8521771                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            157429622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           157429364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        90364951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       243497794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118846860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    146238996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22070759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40414                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2422543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277704286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217693618     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29749969     10.71%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11232014      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5360452      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4526482      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2588242      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2254721      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022125      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3276663      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277704286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    118846860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    146238996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21669114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13243994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             20162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         21088191                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       131759160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3011330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3276663                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          442736572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         340725411                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3577063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              35034303                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         118846860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           146238996                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    118846860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.665989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.665989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      709422792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     219287378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     156264877                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        40380                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22204815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18155155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2170240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9368361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8784396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2287226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96756                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    215787371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            125914349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22204815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11071622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26397268                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6278247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     10052459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13265723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2184480                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    256297266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      229899998     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1426779      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2259428      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3591461      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1503365      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1689610      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1775730      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1169182      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12981713      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    256297266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397401                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      213762047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     12093751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26316019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        65974                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4059473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3644078                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    153780242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3149                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4059473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      214069875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2481756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      8658073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26079656                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       948431                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    153685805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        44809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       263014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       342111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        80672                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    213342996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    714895903                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    714895903                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    182433117                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30909870                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2759631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14657879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7882225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       237873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1789254                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        153491231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39873                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       145440246                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183158                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19170353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42490549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4303                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256297266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    194913659     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24671242      9.63%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13480355      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9172129      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8570140      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2475494      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1912477      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       655145      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446625      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256297266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33803     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101831     38.21%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       130844     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121839620     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2295394      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17636      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13446575      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7841021      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    145440246                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459027                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    547627392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172703065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143120726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    145706724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       440850                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2618436                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          428                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1641                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229224                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9050                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           34                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4059473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1531573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153531256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14657879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7882225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1641                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1272349                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1233296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2505645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143384283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12650600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2055961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20489686                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20189122                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7839086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452538                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            143121693                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           143120726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        83678199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       218536985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382902                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107156982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    131345271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22186625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35570                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2216694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252237793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    198921339     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25818597     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10051530      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5417561      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4057756      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2263814      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1393953      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1248825      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3064418      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252237793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    107156982                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    131345271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19692439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12039438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18853837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118351692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2667944                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3064418                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          402704556                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         311123502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3494615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              60547159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         107156982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           131345271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    107156982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.956825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.956825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      646613819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     198384955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     143447079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316844389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21860706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19514116                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14514523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14248735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1312569                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230890028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            124212212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21860706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     15561304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27685042                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5731535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      9393167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13973236                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709809                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    271948041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      244262999     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        4214994      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2139703      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        4170790      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1336664      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3852226      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         609418      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         989322      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10371925      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    271948041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.392029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      228871121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     11465226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27630081                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        22256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3959353                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2068055                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        20422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    138952312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        38427                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3959353                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      229102992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       7406041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3321174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27398286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       760191                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138748047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       107438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       572023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    181852007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    628886122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    628886122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    147364009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34487875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9436                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1802864                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     25013482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      4074168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       928963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        138037755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       129222843                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83218                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25013390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51222031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          141                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271948041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215328215     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17782980      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18984359      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10983103      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5688770      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1423024      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1684811      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39462      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33317      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271948041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215966     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88774     23.50%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73093     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101336275     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014927      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9208      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22822425     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4040008      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    129222843                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377833                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530854778                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163070178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125937318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129600676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102104                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5126053                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100479                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3959353                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       6570189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138056571                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25013482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4074168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9435                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46717                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2636                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          331                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1846510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127592174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22500328                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 104                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           26540139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19385957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          4039811                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.402697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            125966231                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           125937318                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76191360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       166041461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.397474                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100231222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    112871874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25190125                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18571                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1731079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267988688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225940514     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16534139      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10591422      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3359505      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5543213      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1084327      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686909      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628837      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3619822      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267988688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100231222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    112871874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             23861086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            19887397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9265                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17307644                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98658374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1414880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3619822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          402430488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         280086641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5155449                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              44896348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100231222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           112871874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100231222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.161135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.161135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316342                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316342                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      593039551                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     164101509                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     147547044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18554                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23240621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19056827                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2273259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9585253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9078145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2385740                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221778134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            132117606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23240621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11463885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29054942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6462744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     20458877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13662398                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2258030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    275443825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      246388883     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3149464      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3646343      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2002311      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2297543      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1266832      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         868245      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2253967      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13570237      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    275443825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.416979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      219976954                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     22293911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        28813013                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       229210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4130733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3774611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        21140                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    161266194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts       104030                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4130733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      220328499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       7317932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     13990673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28702300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       973684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    161169290                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       250857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       449977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    223985442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    750400387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    750400387                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    191267101                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       32718341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        42071                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2600886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15370418                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8381478                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       219986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1863239                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        160923521                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42147                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152078533                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212729                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20111558                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46478752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4582                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275443825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211366208     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25773448      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13840709      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9591202      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8382179      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4284283      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039966      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       666506      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499324      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275443825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39775     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138280     42.55%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       146922     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127300410     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2379638      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18626      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14057410      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8322449      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152078533                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.479979                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002137                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580138597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181078661                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149560282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    152403510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2698129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          958                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1439                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       183411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9312                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2500                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4130733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       6763013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       168287                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160965797                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15370418                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8381478                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23383                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1439                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1274998                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2593226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149843062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13202656                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2235471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21523307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20966993                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8320651                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            149562532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           149560282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        88881801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       232806795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112316506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    137798653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23168507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2286350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271313092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215018020     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26103857      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10941728      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6579156      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4548022      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2941668      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522112      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227460      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2431069      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271313092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112316506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    137798653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20870356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12672289                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19722651                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       124229646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2803522                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2431069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          429848429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         326065126                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3394855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              41400600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112316506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           137798653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112316506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.820996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.820996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      675919603                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     207569214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150514970                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21773061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19436289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1736912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14433874                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14189405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1307608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    229956686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123720014                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21773061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15497013                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27571705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5716132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9451604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13918578                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1704694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    270949466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      243377761     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4197476      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2128196      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4152436      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1332781      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3835953      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         607144      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987730      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10329989      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    270949466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.390476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      227948564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11512801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27516701                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3949108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2059073                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138399403                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38309                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3949108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228179503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       7472391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3305830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27285836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       756794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138194672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       107224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       569159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181123805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    626377036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    626377036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    146719155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34404634                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18554                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9390                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1796391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24916416                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4056391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       923177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137485488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128688834                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24953828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51102748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    270949466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214570228     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17703055      6.53%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18901536      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10939121      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5667047      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419205      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1676887      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39287      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33100      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    270949466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        214628     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88386     23.52%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72762     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100916504     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1010230      0.79%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9166      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22730682     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4022252      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128688834                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.406158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            375776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528785500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162458280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125413735                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129064610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5112684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          353                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3949108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6643502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137504206                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24916416                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4056391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9385                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2617                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          353                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1169884                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1841021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127063220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22410652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1625614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26432698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19304895                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4022046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.401027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125442823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125413735                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75875141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165350396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.395821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99797303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112380347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25129471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18484                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1726080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267000358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225136258     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16459979      6.16%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10544936      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3345752      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5520257      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1079264      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       684750      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       625904      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3603258      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267000358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99797303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112380347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23759422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19803729                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9223                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17232537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98227963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1408487                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3603258                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          400906541                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         278971902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5137460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              45894959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99797303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112380347                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99797303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.174880                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.174880                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      590587614                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163418229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     146959766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       27479613                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22877525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2496699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10565623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10063718                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2954146                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116528                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239149261                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            150811082                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          27479613                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     13017864                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            31427138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6938815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     21730289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        14849047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2386076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    296733021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      265305883     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1928253      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2429371      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3868310      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1617565      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2083876      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2436522      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1114676      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       15948565      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    296733021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.475978                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      237748496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     23273972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        31275959                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        16004                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4418585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      4184613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          824                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    184291207                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4418585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      237991275                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        774255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     21821528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        31049400                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       677968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    183156036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        97396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       473156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    255782588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    851713973                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    851713973                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    214188541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       41594007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        44445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2380621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     17125921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8979317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106408                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      2090495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        178833394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       171643662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171499                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21560277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43752159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1807                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296733021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223986865     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33155701     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13622939      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7593482      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10275443      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3172158      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3117209      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1677971      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131253      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296733021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183957     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157978     10.57%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152338     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144583568     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2351731      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21219      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15736801      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8950343      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    171643662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1494274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641686118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200439212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167188933                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    173137936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129471                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3189217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          943                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129322                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4418585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        588255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74092                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178878001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17125921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8979317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64517                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          943                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1480880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2880542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168661865                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15482923                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2981797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           24432580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       23847664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8949657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532318                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            167189366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           167188933                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers       100167916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       268965184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527669                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372420                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124635949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    153577065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25301618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42796                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2517891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292314436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227328264     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32926511     11.26%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11952042      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5968345      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5446834      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293005      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2263264      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1079878      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056293      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292314436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    124635949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    153577065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             22786681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            13936696                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             21350                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         22254821                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       138269617                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      3168897                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3056293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          468135968                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         362176033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3620947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              20111404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         124635949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           153577065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    124635949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.542159                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.542159                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      758968249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     233565375                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     170518639                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        42760                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22263525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18205590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2174938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9440671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8806349                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2291837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97046                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216230357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            126223909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22263525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11098186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26469483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6294308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     10006150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13293980                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2189255                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    256777169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      230307686     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1438794      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2270241      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3599913      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1506317      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1693846      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1774472      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1162163      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13023737      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    256777169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      214206286                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     12046462                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26387191                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        66549                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4070679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3651195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    154148826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3141                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4070679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      214521706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2428797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      8673943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26143720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       938322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    154046551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        42874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       262545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       343322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67531                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    213847727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    716584934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    716584934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    182832660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       31015061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        39977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22303                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2769565                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14694240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7900222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238515                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1790754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        153832071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40097                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       145757397                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182970                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19222705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42595137                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4452                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256777169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195259034     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24719766      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13518363      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9191529      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8587817      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2479732      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1917446      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656142      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447340      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256777169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33675     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101874     38.16%     50.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131446     49.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122103986     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2300533      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17674      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13476307      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7858897      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    145757397                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548741928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173096474                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143431354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    146024392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444441                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          440                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230509                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9049                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           34                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4070679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1529269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131115                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153872316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14694240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7900222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22294                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1272180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1238878                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2511058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143696137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12681092                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2061260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20538119                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20234366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7857027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            143432256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           143431354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        83868589                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       219014032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107391619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    131632876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22239981                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35645                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2221561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252706490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199272342     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25874645     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10074834      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5429203      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4067395      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2268647      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1398181      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1250891      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3070352      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252706490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    107391619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    131632876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19735479                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12065766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17784                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18895130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       118610818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2673779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3070352                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          403508280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         311816622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3502147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              60067256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         107391619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           131632876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    107391619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.950365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.950365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      648027778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     198818999                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     143797860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        35612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316844425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21836627                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19491409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14463630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14226578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311461                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230555757                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124071265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21836627                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     15538039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27649424                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5725984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      9395666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13953934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    271577129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      243927705     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        4209466      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2135585      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        4164190      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1334832      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3844575      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         608572      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         990204      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10362000      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    271577129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.391584                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      228539059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     11465509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27594466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        22233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3955858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2066639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        20394                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138794919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        38454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3955858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      228770519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       7425807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3301959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27363002                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       759980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138590447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       107681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       571759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181655841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    628172832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    628172832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    147175896                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34479929                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        18600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9402                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1803304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     24980713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      4070027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25892                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       926267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137877659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18663                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       129063265                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24999589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51205423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271577129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215034099     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17756406      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18955164      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10969767      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5683570      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421629      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1683861      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39425      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33208      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271577129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215766     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88744     23.50%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73195     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101213662     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014135      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9198      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22790318     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4035952      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    129063265                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.407340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377705                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530164672                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162896260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125780420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    129440970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102959                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5122064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6592974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137896427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24980713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4070027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9398                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2649                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1844741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127434209                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22470680                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1629056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           26506449                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19362333                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          4035769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.402198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            125809681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           125780420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76096970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       165844600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100098426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    112725390                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25176623                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18549                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1729063                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267621271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225626213     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16514119      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10576921      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3356164      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5536208      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082628      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686657      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627865      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3614496      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267621271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100098426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    112725390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             23828025                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            19858646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9255                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17284855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        98531336                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1413351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3614496                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          401908411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         279763045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               5148839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              45267296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100098426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           112725390                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100098426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.165329                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.165329                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      592298304                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163904328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     147375219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        18530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20872                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.833202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.978796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.787052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.585111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1677.920766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         338.540273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41562                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41563                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20838                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20872                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54321678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16747519516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16801841194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       548122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       548122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54321678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16748067638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16802389316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54321678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16748067638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16802389316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597696.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 803739.478620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805032.877869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       548122                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       548122                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597696.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 803727.211729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805020.568992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1597696.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 803727.211729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805020.568992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51335367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14917575508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14968910875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       460322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       460322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51335367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14918035830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14969371197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51335367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14918035830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14969371197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509863.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 715917.622882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717211.004504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       460322                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       460322                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509863.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 715905.357040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717198.696675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509863.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 715905.357040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717198.696675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        14072                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.451777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         211888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        16120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.144417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.069152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.996243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1551.534464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         463.851918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.757585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.226490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               10933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34322                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34324                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               14065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                14065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14023                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               14065                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79993237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11737443494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11817436731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79993237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11737443494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    11817436731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79993237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11737443494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   11817436731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             48208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           10933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              48389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             48389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1904600.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837013.727020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840201.687238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1904600.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837013.727020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840201.687238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1904600.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837013.727020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840201.687238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               6263                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    6263                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          14064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76301990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10504125288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10580427278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76301990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10504125288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10580427278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76301990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10504125288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10580427278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1816714.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749117.478819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752305.693828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1816714.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749117.478819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752305.693828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1816714.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749117.478819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752305.693828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        21920                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.514815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         251585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        23968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        10.496704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.506382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.901607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1681.477910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         332.628916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.821034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.162416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               22267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  41134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41133                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 41134                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               21904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                21907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21866                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               21907                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84195033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18492058646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18576253679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3542052                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3542052                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84195033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18495600698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    18579795731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84195033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18495600698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   18579795731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             62864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           22267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              63041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             63041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2053537.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845815.242464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848075.861897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1180684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1180684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2053537.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845861.186225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848121.410097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2053537.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845861.186225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848121.410097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              11797                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   11797                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           21907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          21907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80594431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16572128645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16652723076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3277931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3277931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80594431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16575406576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16656001007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80594431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16575406576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16656001007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1965717.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757998.840278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760259.453798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1092643.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1092643.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1965717.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758044.753316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760304.971333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1965717.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758044.753316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760304.971333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        10235                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.139310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         233762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        12283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        19.031344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.636422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.792259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1417.642971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         584.067658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.692208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.285189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 33517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10444                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               10444                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  33775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33773                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 33775                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               10214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                10232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               10232                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107513833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8316025149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8423538982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19565176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     19565176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107513833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8335590325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     8443104158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107513833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8335590325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    8443104158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           10444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              44007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             44007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2622288.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817460.449130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824705.206775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1086954.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1086954.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2622288.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817936.446374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825166.551798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2622288.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817936.446374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825166.551798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5418                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5418                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           10232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          10232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103913100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7422586685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7526499785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17984776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17984776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103913100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7440571461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7544484561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103913100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7440571461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7544484561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2534465.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729635.966283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736880.730860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 999154.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999154.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2534465.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730112.006771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737342.118941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2534465.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 730112.006771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737342.118941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        34753                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.619678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         185186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        36801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.032092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.161721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.696530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1673.897366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         358.864061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.817333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.175227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        43899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 43900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9072                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9072                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        44015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  44016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        44015                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 44016                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               34716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                34746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34708                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               34746                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63424919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31873563705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31936988624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26679945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26679945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63424919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31900243650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31963668569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63424919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31900243650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31963668569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             78616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9072                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9072                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              78762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             78762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.441325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1669076.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 919129.237701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919950.127434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 889331.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889331.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1669076.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 919103.481906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919923.691044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1669076.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 919103.481906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919923.691044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           34746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          34746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60088519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28828592859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28888681378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24045843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24045843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60088519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28852638702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28912727221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60088519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28852638702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28912727221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.441325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1581276.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831322.246352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832143.143738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 801528.100000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801528.100000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1581276.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831296.493661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832116.710441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1581276.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831296.493661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832116.710441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        40616                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.931110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         224883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        42664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.271025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.706271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.664980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1847.650496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         194.909363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.902173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.095171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 48793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14954                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               14954                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  48829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48828                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 48829                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               40567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                40616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40575                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               40616                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61957291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  38756612920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38818570211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91532340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     91532340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61957291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  38848145260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    38910102551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61957291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  38848145260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   38910102551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        89318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             89360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14954                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           14954                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        89403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              89445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        89403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             89445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.453727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.576471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.576471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.453844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.453844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1511153.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 956339.459113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956900.195011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1868006.938776                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1868006.938776                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1511153.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 957440.425385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957999.373424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1511153.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 957440.425385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957999.373424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               6331                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    6331                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           40616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          40616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58357491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35197754231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35256111722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87229825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87229825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58357491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35284984056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35343341547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58357491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35284984056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35343341547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.453727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.576471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.453844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.453844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1423353.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 868522.781202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869083.533956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1780200.510204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780200.510204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1423353.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 869623.759852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870182.724714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1423353.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 869623.759852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870182.724714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        34656                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.618284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         184994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        36704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.040159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.731226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.797403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1674.231304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         358.858351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.817496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.175224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 43737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9043                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9043                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  43853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43852                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 43853                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               34619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                34649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34610                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               34649                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51154057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32296948799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32348102856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26229305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26229305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51154057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32323178104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    32374332161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51154057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32323178104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   32374332161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             78356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9043                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9043                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              78502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             78502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1311642.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933977.698062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934403.155955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 874310.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874310.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1311642.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933925.978157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934351.125891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1311642.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933925.978157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934351.125891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5251                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5251                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           34649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          34649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     47727951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29259957755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29307685706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23593697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23593697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     47727951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29283551452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29331279403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     47727951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29283551452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29331279403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1223793.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846152.624494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846578.055576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 786456.566667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786456.566667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1223793.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846100.879861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846526.000837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1223793.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846100.879861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846526.000837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        34717                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.617727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         185113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        36765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.035033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.507192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.432319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1672.815178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         358.863039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.816804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.175226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 43837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  43953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43952                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 43953                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               34680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                34710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34673                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               34710                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60226446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32114450875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32174677321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22933890                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22933890                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60226446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32137384765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    32197611211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60226446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32137384765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   32197611211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             78517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              78663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             78663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1627741.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 927011.254077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927758.861621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       764463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       764463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1627741.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 926870.613013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927617.724316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1627741.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 926870.613013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927617.724316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           34710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          34710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56976957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29072404776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29129381733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20299890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20299890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56976957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29092704666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29149681623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56976957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29092704666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29149681623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1539917.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 839199.976215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839947.570156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       676663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       676663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1539917.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 839059.344908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839806.442610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1539917.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 839059.344908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839806.442610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        14111                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.453839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         212032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        16159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.121604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.072731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.714857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1551.699052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         463.967199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.757666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.226546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34431                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34433                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               14104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                14104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14064                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               14104                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90598676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11472593183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11563191859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90598676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11472593183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    11563191859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90598676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11472593183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   11563191859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             48357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              48537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             48537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264966.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 815741.836106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819851.946894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264966.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 815741.836106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819851.946894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264966.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 815741.836106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819851.946894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               6282                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    6282                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           14103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          14103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10235963403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10323047508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10235963403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10323047508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10235963403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10323047508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177102.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 727864.851241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731975.289513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177102.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 727864.851241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731975.289513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177102.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 727864.851241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731975.289513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        34546                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.617042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         184920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        36594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.053287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.514745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.793711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1674.023133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         359.285453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.817394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.175432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 43674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9032                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9032                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  43790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43789                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 43790                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               34509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                34539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34499                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               34539                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77837858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32508845340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32586683198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26867725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26867725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77837858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32535713065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    32613550923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77837858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32535713065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   32613550923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             78183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9032                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9032                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              78329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             78329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1945946.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 943132.824857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944295.204092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895590.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895590.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1945946.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 943091.482797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944252.900287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1945946.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 943091.482797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944252.900287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5237                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5237                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           34539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          34539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74324095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29481599334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29555923429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24232775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24232775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74324095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29505832109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29580156204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74324095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29505832109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29580156204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1858102.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 855307.648438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856470.005767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807759.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807759.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1858102.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 855266.300733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856427.696343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1858102.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 855266.300733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856427.696343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        20971                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.829972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         183026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        23019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.951084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.780433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.667722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1677.972520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         338.409297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.819323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.165239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 41601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7661                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7661                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  41683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41682                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 41683                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               20971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                20972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20936                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               20972                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54128227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16498217600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16552345827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       788450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       788450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54128227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16499006050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    16553134277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54128227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16499006050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   16553134277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             62572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              62655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             62655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503561.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788068.669692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789296.925612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       788450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       788450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503561.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788068.687906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789296.885228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503561.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788068.687906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789296.885228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2844                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2844                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           20972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          20972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50967214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14659924133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14710891347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       700650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       700650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50967214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14660624783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14711591997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50967214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14660624783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14711591997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1415755.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700259.094005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701487.356206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       700650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       700650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1415755.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700259.112677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701487.316279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1415755.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700259.112677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701487.316279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        22001                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.517566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         251499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        24049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        10.457774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.815876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.383523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1685.986839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         329.331327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.823236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.160806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        40934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 40935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22206                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               22206                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        41108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  41109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        41108                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 41109                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               21985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                21987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21951                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               21987                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53209088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19022739203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19075948291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2531121                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2531121                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53209088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19025270324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    19078479412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53209088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19025270324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   19078479412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        62883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             62920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22206                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           22206                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              63096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             63096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1478030.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866679.083466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867680.158790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1265560.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1265560.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1478030.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866715.426359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867716.351117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1478030.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866715.426359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867716.351117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              11788                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   11788                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           21987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          21987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50046083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17094828177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17144874260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2355521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2355521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50046083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17097183698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17147229781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50046083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17097183698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17147229781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1390168.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 778843.144426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779844.178303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1177760.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177760.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1390168.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 778879.490593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779880.373903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1390168.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 778879.490593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779880.373903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20864                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.838794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.980010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.781279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.505381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1678.542479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         338.009655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.819601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.165044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 41444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  41526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41525                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 41526                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20830                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20864                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68381006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16973941580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17042322586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       704050                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       704050                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68381006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16974645630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    17043026636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68381006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16974645630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   17043026636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             62307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              62390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             62390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2011206.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 814918.698929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816868.263720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       704050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       704050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2011206.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 814913.376380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816862.856403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2011206.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 814913.376380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816862.856403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2832                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2832                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65393808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15144479948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15209873756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       616250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       616250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65393808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15145096198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15210490006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65393808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15145096198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15210490006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1923347.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 727086.271448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729035.793318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       616250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       616250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1923347.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 727080.950456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729030.387558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1923347.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 727080.950456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729030.387558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        10236                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.142163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         233692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        12284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        19.024096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.642610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.041299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1417.327283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         584.130971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.692054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.285220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 33473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               10418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33727                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33730                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               10216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                10234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10191                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               10234                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    122993176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8349414743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8472407919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15550619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15550619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    122993176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8364965362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     8487958538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    122993176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8364965362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    8487958538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             43689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           10418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              43964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             43964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2860306.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 820742.626855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829327.321750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 863923.277778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863923.277778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2860306.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 820818.895300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829388.170608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2860306.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 820818.895300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829388.170608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           10234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          10234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    119217776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7456060582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7575278358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13969581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13969581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    119217776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7470030163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7589247939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    119217776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7470030163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7589247939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2772506.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 732926.430945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741511.194009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776087.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776087.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2772506.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 733002.665391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741572.008892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2772506.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 733002.665391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741572.008892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        34663                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.617403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         185074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        36711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.041377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.515640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.678861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1674.868287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         358.554614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.817807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.175075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 43811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9049                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                9049                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  43927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43926                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 43927                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               34626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                34656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34618                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               34656                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62241903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32201428572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32263670475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28685819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28685819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62241903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32230114391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    32292356294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62241903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32230114391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   32292356294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             78437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9049                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            9049                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              78583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             78583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.441185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1637944.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931000.016538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931775.846907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 956193.966667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956193.966667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1637944.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931021.849645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931796.984476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1637944.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931021.849645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931796.984476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5249                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5249                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           34656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          34656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58904304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29163966501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29222870805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26051238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26051238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58904304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29190017739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29248922043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58904304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29190017739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29248922043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.441185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1550113.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843181.638169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843957.454081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 868374.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868374.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1550113.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843203.470420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843978.590807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1550113.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843203.470420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843978.590807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20933                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.828394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.960968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.777850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.534294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1678.198118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         338.318132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.819433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.165194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 41538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  41620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41619                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 41620                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20933                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80937126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16682330945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16763268071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1072155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1072155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80937126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16683403100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    16764340226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80937126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16683403100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   16764340226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             62470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              62553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             62553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2312489.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 798312.243145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800844.069893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1072155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1072155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2312489.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 798325.346923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800857.030813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2312489.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 798325.346923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800857.030813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77863369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14847243102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14925106471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       984355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       984355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77863369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14848227457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14926090826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77863369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14848227457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14926090826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224667.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 710496.391922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713028.209010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       984355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       984355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224667.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 710509.496459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713041.170687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224667.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 710509.496459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713041.170687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.663717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013976571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1804228.774021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.646693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.017024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.053921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13944302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13944302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71833643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71833643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71833643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71833643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71833643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71833643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1496534.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496534.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1496534.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496534.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1496534.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496534.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54677077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54677077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54677077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54677077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54677077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54677077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562202.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562202.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562202.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562202.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562202.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562202.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243200875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3881.525712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.967068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.032932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.781121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.218879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20491396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20491396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24438275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24438275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24438275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24438275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       218956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  96961116412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96961116412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33819421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33819421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  96994935833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96994935833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  96994935833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96994935833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20710352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20710352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24657575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24657575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442833.794973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442833.794973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98312.270349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98312.270349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442293.369052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442293.369052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442293.369052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442293.369052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19639386997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19639386997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5776673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19645163670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19645163670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19645163670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19645163670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315142.845633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315142.845633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71316.950617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.950617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314826.340865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314826.340865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314826.340865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314826.340865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.780269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1087564363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2095499.736031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.780269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14428826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14428826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14428826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       14428826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14428826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      14428826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93469962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93469962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93469962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93469962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93469962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93469962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14428883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14428883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14428883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     14428883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14428883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     14428883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1639823.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1639823.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1639823.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1639823.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1639823.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1639823.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80486342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80486342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80486342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80486342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80486342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80486342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1829235.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829235.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1829235.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829235.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1829235.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829235.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                48345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180531107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                48601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3714.555400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.555207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.444793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9935581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9935581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8362692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8362692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20135                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20135                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18298273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       18298273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18298273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      18298273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       154658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       155730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       155730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       155730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       155730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52829256410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52829256410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     90588069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90588069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52919844479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52919844479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52919844479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52919844479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10090239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10090239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8363764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8363764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        21830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20135                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18454003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18454003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18454003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18454003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 341587.608853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341587.608853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84503.795709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84503.795709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339817.918699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339817.918699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339817.918699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339817.918699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           10933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14080609548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14080609548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11687207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11687207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14092296755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14092296755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14092296755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14092296755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292347.179387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292347.179387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64570.204420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64570.204420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291494.399731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291494.399731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291494.399731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291494.399731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              521.802756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1088368383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2077038.898855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.738112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.064645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.770937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13700556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13700556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13700556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13700556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13700556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13700556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120130082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120130082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120130082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120130082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120130082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120130082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13700615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13700615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13700615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13700615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13700615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13700615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2036103.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2036103.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2036103.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2036103.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2036103.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2036103.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84628232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84628232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84628232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84628232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84628232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84628232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2014957.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2014957.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2014957.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2014957.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2014957.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2014957.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              186225193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2944.039096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.251645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.748355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.915045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.084955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9660869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9660869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8172001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8172001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17832870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17832870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17832870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17832870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       215481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       220792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       220792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  90459310363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90459310363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3475100678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3475100678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  93934411041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93934411041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  93934411041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93934411041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9876350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9876350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8177312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8177312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18053662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18053662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18053662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18053662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419801.793954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419801.793954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 654321.347769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 654321.347769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 425443.000838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425443.000838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 425443.000838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425443.000838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     37957298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 512936.459459                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           22267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21368281756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21368281756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14805701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14805701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21383087457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21383087457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21383087457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21383087457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340140.106269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340140.106269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83648.028249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83648.028249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339419.474230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339419.474230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339419.474230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339419.474230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.566215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1090974109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2190711.062249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.566215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14850095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14850095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14850095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       14850095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14850095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      14850095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    164029551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164029551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    164029551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164029551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    164029551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164029551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14850152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14850152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14850152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14850152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14850152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14850152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2877711.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2877711.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2877711.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2877711.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2877711.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2877711.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3369160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       842290                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107983591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107983591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107983591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107983591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107983591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107983591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2511246.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2511246.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2511246.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2511246.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2511246.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2511246.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              179064430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                44220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4049.399141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.549345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.450655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     11862553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11862553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8806211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8806211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20668764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       20668764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20668764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      20668764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       113055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       115823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       115823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       115823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       115823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25485704399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25485704399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    342891481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342891481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25828595880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25828595880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25828595880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25828595880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     11975608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11975608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8808979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8808979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20784587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20784587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20784587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20784587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 225427.485728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225427.485728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123876.980130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123876.980130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223000.577433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223000.577433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223000.577433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223000.577433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1528309                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 382077.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        69367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10580405461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10580405461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38610823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38610823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10619016284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10619016284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10619016284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10619016284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242181.044246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242181.044246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 139894.286232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139894.286232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241538.901920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241538.901920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241538.901920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241538.901920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              527.698383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1092515021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2065245.786389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.698383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13328544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13328544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13328544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13328544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13328544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13328544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95782821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95782821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95782821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95782821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95782821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95782821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13328602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13328602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13328602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13328602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13328602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13328602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1651427.948276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1651427.948276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1651427.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1651427.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1651427.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1651427.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63823709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63823709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63823709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63823709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63823709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63823709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1636505.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636505.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1636505.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636505.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1636505.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636505.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              194045738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                78979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2456.928272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.336433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.663567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9234864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9234864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7651130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7651130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16885994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16885994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16885994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16885994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       206589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       206589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       206589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       206589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  89074558680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89074558680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    327069317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    327069317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  89401627997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89401627997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  89401627997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89401627997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9440440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9440440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7652143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7652143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17092583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17092583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17092583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17092583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433292.595828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433292.595828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 322871.981244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 322871.981244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432751.153241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432751.153241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432751.153241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432751.153241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       178378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       178378                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       126999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35044549344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35044549344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34416445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34416445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35078965789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35078965789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35078965789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35078965789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445989.912366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445989.912366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 235729.075342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235729.075342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445599.961752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445599.961752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445599.961752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445599.961752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              578.134061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1120550513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1915470.962393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    39.821527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   538.312533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.063817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.862680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13023195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13023195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13023195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13023195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13023195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13023195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80853143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80853143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80853143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80853143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80853143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80853143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13023255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13023255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13023255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13023255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13023255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13023255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1347552.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1347552.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1347552.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1347552.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1347552.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1347552.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62397842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62397842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62397842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62397842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62397842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62397842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1485662.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1485662.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1485662.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1485662.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1485662.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1485662.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                89403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              487990084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                89659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5442.733959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.913320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.086680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     34097768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34097768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18668679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18668679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     52766447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       52766447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     52766447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      52766447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       326849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       327198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       327198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       327198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       327198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160086569938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160086569938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    350982985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350982985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160437552923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160437552923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160437552923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160437552923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     34424617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34424617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18669028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18669028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     53093645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53093645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     53093645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53093645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489787.546965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489787.546965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1005681.905444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005681.905444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490337.816622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490337.816622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490337.816622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490337.816622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           14954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       237531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       237795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       237795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        89318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        89403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        89403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42425925791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42425925791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94387393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94387393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42520313184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42520313184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42520313184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42520313184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 474998.609362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474998.609362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1110439.917647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110439.917647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475602.755881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475602.755881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475602.755881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475602.755881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.207043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1092475656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2061274.822642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.207043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13289179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13289179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13289179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13289179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13289179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13289179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75372252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75372252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75372252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75372252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75372252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75372252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13289237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13289237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13289237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13289237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13289237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13289237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1299521.586207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1299521.586207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1299521.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1299521.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1299521.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1299521.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51549425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51549425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51549425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51549425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51549425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51549425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1288735.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1288735.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1288735.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1288735.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1288735.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1288735.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                78462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              193999412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                78718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2464.486039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.340089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.659911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9209800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9209800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7630146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7630146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21998                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21998                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16839946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       16839946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16839946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      16839946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       206205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       206205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       206205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       206205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90369278437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90369278437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    378144124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    378144124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90747422561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90747422561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90747422561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90747422561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9414977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9414977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7631174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7631174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        21998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17046151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17046151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17046151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17046151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440445.461416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440445.461416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 367844.478599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 367844.478599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440083.521549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440083.521549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440083.521549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440083.521549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35455847763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35455847763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33967991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33967991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35489815754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35489815754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35489815754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35489815754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452728.021898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452728.021898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 232657.472603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232657.472603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452318.520481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452318.520481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452318.520481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452318.520481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              527.076977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1092495353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2069119.986742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.076977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13308876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13308876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13308876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13308876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13308876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13308876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91078952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91078952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91078952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91078952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91078952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91078952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13308934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13308934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13308934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13308934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13308934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13308934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570326.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1570326.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60608870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60608870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60608870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60608870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60608870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60608870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1594970.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594970.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                78625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              194019627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                78881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2459.649688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.341505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.658495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.915397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.084603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9219115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9219115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7640980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7640980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16860095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16860095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16860095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16860095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       205510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       206528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       206528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  89711238837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89711238837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325799284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    325799284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  90037038121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90037038121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  90037038121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90037038121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9424625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9424625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7641998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7641998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        22040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17066623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17066623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17066623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17066623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436529.798243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436529.798243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 320038.589391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 320038.589391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435955.599827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435955.599827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435955.599827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435955.599827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35280652501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35280652501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30670253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30670253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35311322754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35311322754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35311322754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35311322754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449555.326915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449555.326915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 210070.226027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210070.226027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449110.623262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449110.623262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449110.623262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449110.623262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.067218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1087591975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2103659.526112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.067218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14456438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14456438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14456438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14456438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14456438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14456438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111704038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111704038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111704038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14456498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14456498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14456498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14456498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14456498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14456498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861733.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1861733.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       165447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 82723.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91064734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91064734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91064734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91064734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91064734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91064734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168207.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168207.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                48495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180576356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                48751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3704.054399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.556981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.443019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9958516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9958516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8385305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8385305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18343821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       18343821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18343821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      18343821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       155095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       156155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       156155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       156155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       156155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52011663437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52011663437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     89238109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89238109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52100901546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52100901546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52100901546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52100901546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10113611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10113611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8386365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8386365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20190                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18499976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18499976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18499976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18499976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335353.579658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335353.579658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84186.895283                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84186.895283                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333648.628260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333648.628260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333648.628260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333648.628260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13823298081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13823298081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11592762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11592762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13834890843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13834890843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13834890843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13834890843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286107.794287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286107.794287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64404.233333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64404.233333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285284.892113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285284.892113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285284.892113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285284.892113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.675874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1092452143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2057348.668550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.613143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   489.062731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.063483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13265666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13265666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13265666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13265666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13265666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13265666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     99135188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99135188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     99135188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99135188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     99135188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99135188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13265722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13265722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13265722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13265722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13265722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13265722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1770271.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1770271.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1770271.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1770271.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1770271.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1770271.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        83545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        83545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78235838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78235838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78235838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78235838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78235838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78235838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1908191.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908191.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1908191.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908191.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1908191.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908191.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                78288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              193968179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                78544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2469.548011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.337673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.662327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9192776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9192776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7616040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7616040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16808816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16808816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16808816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16808816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       204636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       205696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       205696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  90741368194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90741368194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    395534838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    395534838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  91136903032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91136903032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  91136903032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91136903032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9397412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9397412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7617100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7617100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        21928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17014512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17014512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17014512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17014512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443428.175854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443428.175854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 373146.073585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 373146.073585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443065.995605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443065.995605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 443065.995605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443065.995605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       172244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       172244                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35662514384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35662514384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34605160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34605160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35697119544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35697119544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35697119544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35697119544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456380.875637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456380.875637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 237021.643836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237021.643836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455971.790619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455971.790619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455971.790619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455971.790619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              561.058173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014005456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1797882.014184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.917794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.140379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.899132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13973187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13973187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13973187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13973187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13973187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13973187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62846959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62846959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62846959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62846959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62846959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62846959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13973236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13973236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13973236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13973236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13973236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13973236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1282591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1282591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54493262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54493262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54493262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54493262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54493262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54493262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1472790.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1472790.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              243260721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                62873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3869.080861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   199.846233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    56.153767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.780649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.219351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20543512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20543512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3954574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3954574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24498086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       24498086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24498086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      24498086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       220047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       220047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       220047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       220047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95512964119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95512964119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37124089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37124089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95550088208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95550088208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95550088208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95550088208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20763203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20763203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3954930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3954930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24718133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24718133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24718133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24718133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 434760.477757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434760.477757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104281.148876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104281.148876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 434225.816339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434225.816339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 434225.816339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434225.816339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       157156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19398958415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19398958415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6114317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6114317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19405072732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19405072732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19405072732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19405072732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310209.617254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310209.617254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73666.469880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73666.469880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 309896.079913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309896.079913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 309896.079913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309896.079913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.058029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1088330174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2096975.287091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.058029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13662347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13662347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13662347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13662347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13662347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13662347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74023734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74023734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74023734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74023734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74023734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74023734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13662398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13662398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13662398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13662398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13662398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13662398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451445.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1451445.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451445.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1451445.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451445.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1451445.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53589869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53589869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53589869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53589869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53589869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53589869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1448374.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1448374.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1448374.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1448374.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1448374.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1448374.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                63059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              186181422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                63315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2940.557877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.250052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.749948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9636607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9636607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8152867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8152867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17789474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17789474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17789474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17789474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       214821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       219948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       219948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       219948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       219948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  91127457197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91127457197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3213640311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3213640311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  94341097508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94341097508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  94341097508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94341097508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9851428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9851428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8157994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8157994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18009422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18009422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18009422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18009422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 424201.810796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424201.810796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 626807.160328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 626807.160328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428924.552658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428924.552658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428924.552658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428924.552658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     30098917                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            71                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 423928.408451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           22206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       151938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       156889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       156889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        62883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21898567088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21898567088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13800798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13800798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21912367886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21912367886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21912367886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21912367886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 348243.040059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348243.040059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78413.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78413.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347489.936187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347489.936187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347489.936187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347489.936187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              560.123187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013950800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1804182.918149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.106184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.017003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13918531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13918531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13918531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13918531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13918531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13918531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84972123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84972123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84972123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84972123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84972123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84972123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13918578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13918578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13918578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13918578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13918578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13918578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1807917.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1807917.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1807917.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1807917.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1807917.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1807917.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68731936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68731936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68731936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68731936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68731936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68731936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963769.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963769.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963769.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963769.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963769.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1963769.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243161166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3883.681238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   199.615858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    56.384142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.779749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.220251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20461960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20461960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3936665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3936665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24398625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24398625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24398625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24398625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       218649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       219005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       219005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98116738836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98116738836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36398766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36398766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98153137602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98153137602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98153137602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98153137602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20680609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20680609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3937021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3937021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24617630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24617630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24617630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24617630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448740.853313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448740.853313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102243.724719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102243.724719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448177.610566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448177.610566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448177.610566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448177.610566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19863312022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19863312022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6047571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6047571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19869359593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19869359593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19869359593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19869359593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318976.619058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318976.619058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72862.301205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72862.301205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318649.019213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318649.019213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318649.019213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318649.019213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.717540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1090973000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2177590.818363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.717540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.066855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14848986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14848986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14848986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       14848986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14848986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      14848986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    186038440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    186038440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    186038440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    186038440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    186038440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    186038440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14849045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14849045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14849045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     14849045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14849045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     14849045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3153193.898305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3153193.898305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3153193.898305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3153193.898305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3153193.898305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3153193.898305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4688913                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 937782.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    123565044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123565044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    123565044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123565044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    123565044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123565044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2686196.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686196.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2686196.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686196.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2686196.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686196.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                43917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              179057804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                44173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4053.557694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.548686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.451314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     11858447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11858447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8803771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8803771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21380                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21380                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20662218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       20662218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20662218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      20662218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       112876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       115627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       115627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       115627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       115627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25450404388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25450404388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    296968945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    296968945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25747373333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25747373333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25747373333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25747373333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     11971323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11971323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8806522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8806522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21380                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21380                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20777845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20777845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20777845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20777845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 225472.238456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225472.238456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107949.452926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107949.452926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222676.133887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222676.133887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222676.133887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222676.133887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1592612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 318522.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           10418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        69233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10610985794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10610985794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34517764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34517764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10645503558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10645503558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10645503558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10645503558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 243131.448205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243131.448205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125519.141818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125519.141818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 242394.998816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242394.998816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 242394.998816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242394.998816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.358579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1092480396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2065180.332703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.358579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13293919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13293919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13293919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13293919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13293919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13293919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100440913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100440913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100440913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100440913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100440913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100440913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13293980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13293980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13293980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13293980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13293980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13293980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646572.344262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1646572.344262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646572.344262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1646572.344262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646572.344262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1646572.344262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62640341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62640341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62640341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62640341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62640341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62640341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1606162.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606162.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1606162.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606162.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1606162.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606162.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                78544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              194005323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                78800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2461.996485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.335261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.664739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9213017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9213017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7632730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7632730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16845747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16845747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16845747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16845747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1007                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1007                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       206020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       206020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       206020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       206020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  89868408913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89868408913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    391957655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    391957655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  90260366568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90260366568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  90260366568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90260366568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9418030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9418030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7633737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7633737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        22104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17051767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17051767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17051767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17051767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438354.684401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438354.684401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 389233.023833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 389233.023833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438114.583866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438114.583866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438114.583866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438114.583866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       170139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       170139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       126615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35365960269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35365960269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36423102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36423102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35402383371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35402383371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35402383371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35402383371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451107.939858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451107.939858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 249473.301370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249473.301370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450733.135198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450733.135198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450733.135198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450733.135198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              561.016313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1013986156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1801041.129663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.999314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.016999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.899065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13953887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13953887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13953887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13953887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13953887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13953887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112246907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112246907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112246907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112246907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112246907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112246907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13953934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13953934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13953934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13953934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13953934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13953934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2388232.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2388232.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81310966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81310966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81310966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81310966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81310966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81310966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2258637.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2258637.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                62517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              243227737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                62773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3874.719019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   200.088019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    55.911981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.781594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.218406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20514859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20514859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3950286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3950286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24465145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       24465145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24465145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      24465145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       219676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       219676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  96334503922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96334503922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39497859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39497859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  96374001781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96374001781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  96374001781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96374001781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20734179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20734179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3950642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3950642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24684821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24684821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24684821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24684821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439241.765101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439241.765101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110949.042135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110949.042135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438709.744264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438709.744264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438709.744264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438709.744264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       156886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       157159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       157159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19578755319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19578755319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6383770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6383770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19585139089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19585139089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19585139089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19585139089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 313591.237451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313591.237451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76912.891566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76912.891566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 313277.014076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313277.014076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 313277.014076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313277.014076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
